- one yeehaw hello Anthony Jeselnik how
are you sir great Joe hey buddy are you
fully committed to the beard now yeah I
want to keep it as long as I can
are you a mountain man oh you know as
trim if Jim a little I trim it a little
bit I just like the lady who cuts my
hair trims it every look for weeks when
I go in for a haircut but I don't touch
it at all I'm afraid if I tried to trim
it I would just ruin it no but I love
love having a beard why do you love
having a beard it is like it's like
sunglasses for the bottom half of your
face oh you know what I mean hide from
the world
kind of yeah I'd like make it chills me
out a little more mmm yeah especially on
stage like when I'm under the lights you
know and I'm my lip would study a little
bit sweating and I'm thinking about my
lip and I'm like should I wipe this
should I move it then I start to sweat
more but now that I have the beard and
mustache my lip gets a little sweaty you
can't tell so I don't get more anxious
mmm interesting yeah so you used to like
think boy there's a little couple of
beads upper lip yeah and I'm like can
they see it why is it like that too much
if I'm wiping like I drives me crazy you
know it gets me boogers if I think I
have a booger lips like what is going on
with my nose what is that is that a
booger shit can they see that oh I check
for sure before I go in but I'm so
animated and I'm always yelling and
screaming I'm always worried that
something is like hanging off the tip of
my nose yeah I'm the people in the front
row can't even enjoy like what the fuck
man your nose bro I've never had that
I've had like definitely a fly down
situation oh yeah never never like a
booger that ruined the show there's are
two things that people love to laugh at
your fly down and if you put a beer down
on stage and the foam comes over the top
Google your beers coming yeah those are
those things mm-hmm high humor yeah high
humor sweat like like weird sweat stains
like when I've done special speaking
which Anthony Jeselnik new comedy
special comes out tonight I hear yep
this evening midnight I guess
Netflix does it yeah ha yeah I did very
excite
while I've been seeing your set it's
fucking fantastic thank you.thank I
think this is the best I've ever done so
I'm I'm pump four it's a beautiful thing
about comedy man keep working keep
paying attention to it you get better at
it you know really I mean Dom I ran and
I had this conversation just a couple of
months ago he like jojo's I've never
been better he goes I'm fucking it a
thousand years old there's never been
better at comedy yeah as long as you
don't quit yeah I know you don't you
don't ever get worse I don't think right
you don't as long as you don't give up
because some guys don't quit but they
give up exactly yeah they just go
through the same material every single
time you know what are you doing here
you're just like you just try and get
out of the house you're not trying to
get better a little of that yeah yeah
it's like if you're not right it does I
guess that's the difference between also
guys who put out specials or I say women
too oh and people who don't some people
just don't put anything out yeah yeah
once you put it out like I put it out
because I'm like I'm done with this now
it's getting boring it's not gonna get
better it's good as I can make it but
because of that then I have to come up
with a new hour you have any specific
schedule you like to follow - right if
I'm correct I try I did I did a year in
LA like at the store every night you
know and like once a month I do largo
and try it all out at once
and then at the end of that year I about
forty minutes went the clubs for a year
every weekend for a year and then once
that I had the hour after that then I
did a year of theatres I mean at the end
of that year I taped the special and I
was done with it
so you're on like a three year plan
pretty much yeah
and that might change you know as I've
gotten older the idea of a four year
plan sounds a little bit nicer and
you've other things going on that that
it's not as I'm not as worried yeah yeah
yeah I was trying I think two years
seems to be right for me but it might be
better to give it a little more time
right just a little more time to tighten
things up and polish and you know add
layers and extra punch it's like you
know those guys like and when I started
out in Boston there was guys that had
been doing on the same set forever and
there's pros and cons to that and the
pro is goddamn they had that shit down
tight where it was just punchline
rapid punchline pause punchline they
knew the the economy of words was
perfect
there was no no fat in the bits they had
they had tightened all that stuff up
yeah
my one of my biggest fears is like
taping the special and then coming up
with like a great tag yeah I mean like
that I want it to be done when I shoot
it because that feeling is awful yeah
it's the worst I've done that yeah
so by sucks it sucks I once went back in
my last special thoughts and prayers I
ADR the line I like walked offstage
and was like oh fuck I should use this
word and I just occurred to me in the
moment that I was using the wrong word
so I went back and ADR didn't you can
obviously tell it's like maybe talking
and then it's like clearly a different
like a different voice just one word but
I had ADR stand for I know what it means
but what does it stand for Jamie knows
he's an actual audio guy automated
dialogue replacement why it's automated
is lost in my head forever but that's
what it means
Wow okay I wouldn't have guessed that in
a million years I would have never I
knew what it meant
I've done ADR yeah I did it like Fear
Factor like every episode I had it do
ADR it was the worst
why did you because you were just
mispronouncing names or you were it was
usually because they wanted to tighten
segments up like you know we would film
for three days and we'd have to slam
that down to 44 minutes and so sometimes
you needed brevity or sometimes they
needed clarification for certain things
like like we would explain the rules to
them like very specifically and they
would have to read these rules and it
took a long time but then like sometimes
in the moment like on television you
wouldn't explain it as clearly like
while we're filming like we would we'd
show them like this is what you have to
do this is what you have to start here
you go from here to there but sometimes
when you would want to put it on TV you
want to be more precise or more concise
yeah so I would every fucking week I'd
do ADR I hated it you did it seems like
it would be fun like actor Fear Factor
but just ADR seems like easy it's
relaxed you're just in the booth yeah
I was boring no I didn't like it ya know
the fun thing about Fear Factor was when
the checks came that was a fun thing and
then when nice people won that was fun
too
yeah those those things were fun but
really that was that was a great job but
it was a job it was like a job but like
you know if you had a great like yeah I
really like working here whereas you
don't really say that about stand-up no
no don't think about it as a job it's
just fucking fun it's awesome oh
absolutely absolutely it's a get to do
yeah I get to do yeah that's my new
thing is I get to do versus have to do
how long you been doing it now almost 17
years Wow yeah not crazy to say it did
this it blows me away like 17 years just
seems like seems like forever and I had
had it my head like 20 was an important
number like when you get to 20 that
means something and I've I think I must
have made that up like people say 10
years is a big deal yeah but 20 doesn't
seem to like I thought that was like
that's when you're really relaxed 10
years seems like you're a pro when I see
someone I'm like Alan you'd be doing it
11 years all right I buy it and when
someone says six years on my good luck
mm-hmm you might quit yeah
I hate the people who are like I've been
doing it for like 12 years ones last
time you got on stage six months ago oh
I know you started doing stand-up twelve
years ago yeah you've not been doing it
yeah you go fuck yourself yeah yeah if
you're not if you take those people that
take like giant chunks of time off and
then come back mm-hm you know want to go
on the road with you like hey man yeah
second that you know that's not how this
works you gotta be you got to be putting
in the work yourself otherwise what why
and why am i doing you a favor yeah well
it's just it's one of those things like
if you wanted to run a marathon you have
to run all the time mm-hmm or you're
gonna be really hole-saw really sore and
tired when it's over you know you're not
gonna really be able to do it you want
to be able to actually do it and really
run mm-hmm this is same would stand up
for whatever reason it seems so fucking
easy when you're watching well yeah when
you're watching someone do it it seemed
this is one of the reasons why everyone
thinks they can do it because it's just
we're just talking what it's not like
we're doing Cirque de Soleil up there
mm-hmm and some people like oh that's
not that
funny I could be not that funny it's not
that fun that big a deal yeah you could
yeah maybe
uh-huh yeah when you started out word
you would say did you start in here Los
Angeles did you really yeah what was
your first club I my first ever show was
at the belly room in the Comedy Store
yeah I took a class Greg Dean I was
working at Borders Books and Music was
my first job in LA remember that play
like that yeah big bookstore and I just
found the thinnest book on stand-up
comedy that they had and bought that and
read it at the end it was like this guy
teaches a class in Santa Monica so you
went and people are like I surprised
that I took a class it's like the class
didn't teach me how to be like this it
just kind of gave me the courage to go
to open mics and and and I don't think I
could have gone to an open mic I was too
scared for that I was like 23 but after
the class you know I had a seven-minute
set that I would go and go and do what
did the class teach you like how they
how do they start a class huh if like
there were two sessions it was like it
was like beginning and advanced and they
would talk a little bit about joke
structure they would talk about like
simple things like taking the mic out of
the stand you know like but be careful
cuz some people walk up and they take
the teeth out you know what I mean like
things like don't run the light show up
early like things that were just may not
have been common sense but it like it
gave me comfort to know the rules so
that I could try to break them you know
later on and then did a set at the belly
room like with a bunch of other like
people in the class who were all
terrible none of them are doing stand-up
anymore and I like killed like I thought
I killed I had the tape I send it out to
everyone and one of the jokes from that
first set I ended up using in the Donald
Trump roast reels I was like oh wow
maybe there's like some gold in there
and I went back you know ten years after
I did it and watch the set again and had
a panic attack watching myself by the
way it wasn't my head it was not what
was on was not what was on screen it was
bad do you think that's like just like
psychological protectants that you throw
up I mean what is it that makes you
think that you were better back in the
day I think it's exciting it's
excitement right I know and just being
stupid you know like when people get
into Stan
later on in life I'm like I don't know
if you can do this because you have to
kind of be dumb enough to go through the
things you have to do when I start out
but I'm glad I was 23 when I was running
around to open mics and not knowing any
better that's a really good point yeah
yeah I was 21 I was really dumb yeah did
you just went right to an open mic or
yeah well I went to an open mic to watch
first and that's what gave me the
courage to go onstage because I had
always thought like stand-up comedy was
going to be Jerry Seinfeld or Richard
Pryor and if you go there like you know
and I had wrote a bunch of stuff and I
practiced a bunch of stuff into a tape
recorder and it was terrible but you
know it's trying to say it like a
comedian but then when I went to an open
mic and I realized how bad some of those
people are I was like well I can be that
bad I can do that I know I could pull
off what they're doing yeah there's
something about like performing for
comedians that really angered me like if
an audience wasn't laughing I was like
all right whatever the comedian's it's
like no you guys should get me really
ticked me off that I didn't have any
friends in the open-mike community that
would laugh no I didn't have friends at
all like I would I was just the guy who
showed up and and did a set and we just
get angrier and angrier so I would like
because I was mad at they didn't they
didn't get that I was funny you know it
was like it's my job to prove it to them
I think these people should understand
that I'm that I'm funny that something
about if a comedian that doesn't like me
or doesn't like respect what I do I'm
just like I can't believe you're
comedian like I really feel that way
well that's a funny way of looking at it
well it's one of those things where you
want to be good so bad you'll sort of
convince yourself that you're good or
you convince yourself that you're better
than you are like I remember the feeling
of being at an open mic night and not
being sure whether or not I was going to
go onstage or not having a spot and
watching these guys go goddamnit I want
to go up there if I got up in front of
that crowd right now I could kill mm-hmm
you just convinced yourself that you
were good
yeah I mean I knew that my performance
was bad I knew I was like funnier than
what I was putting out there and that
was what frustrated me and say I've got
to keep writing new joke
to get to to be able to prove myself you
get to your potential exactly yeah yeah
that's a it's a it's an interesting
thing because it occurs in almost
everything that's difficult to do is
like you see the path you're like okay
just keep good like martial arts for
example it's perfect perfect examples
like you'll practice with a white belt
and you kind of think look I kind of get
this I'm gonna get good at this how many
people and then you'll practice with
someone who's really good who does it
every day and there's a black belt and
you just feel helpless and you feel like
goddamn and I'll never get to that spot
mm-hmm and that I used to feel like that
about standing up there was a guy when I
first started out he probably never
heard of him but he's one of the best
comics of all time his name is Teddy
Bergeron and he was a Boston legend he
had a problem with substances to put it
mildly and he what his timing was
impeccable he went on The Tonight Show
like back in the day and he would play
piano as well and he had like like the
ultimate set on The Tonight Show I mean
just fucking murdered sat on the couch
with Johnny I mean and just was killing
it and just super Lou and then went off
the rails like the pressure of success
and everything and pills and booze and
whoo yeah the whole thing but when I was
an open mic or one of the early early
sets that I did I remember I did a set
and then he went on you know there was a
bunch of open mic errs and then some
professionals would hop on and do like 5
10 minutes and he went out but did that
and he was so fucking good and so
polished I almost quit that's like I was
like what am i doing I'm terrible I
don't have a point of view I don't I
don't have perspective I don't have that
kind of timing I definitely don't have
that kind of swagger like he had a like
a casual swagger you know on stage did
you have like an idol like somebody were
trying to be as a stand-up um like in
the beginners are probably a bunch of
guys I sounded a lot like Richard Jeni
in the beginning I was kind of stealing
like almost stealing his timing then I
realized at one time one time I was on
stage and I heard myself sound like a
man I was like all right I gotta fix
this yeah you know I did that with it
with Dave Attell in New York I did it I
would run
downstairs and watch @l set and then one
day I caught myself not doing one of his
bits but like one of his mannerism kind
of things yeah it's just fun to do and I
felt I was like I got to stop this and I
went and told SD at the woman of books
the Comedy Cellar I was like I got to
stop watching Dave Attell and I said it
like I confessional and I thought she
was gonna be like you're not real comic
then everyone watches to tell and she
goes good like more people should stop
watching Dave Attell like people are
just ripping him off and I understand
why but he's got such a bizarre sense of
timing and it's so infectious yeah oh
yeah just so it was so fun
he's on him to watch I've known Dave for
like 28 years I think and he's always
been like that he always had that very
strange way of talking yeah you know oh
it's a box I've known him maybe 10 years
and I don't know him at all you know I
mean we've like talked a couple of times
but I don't know anything about the guy
yeah and I think I met him after he had
quit drinking so he was a different oh
yeah
oh yeah I knew him in the heart when he
was on that show insomniacs and he was
getting blasted out of his gourd every
night every night he was going these
places and it was killing them yeah and
he stopped doing the show for that very
reason cuz everywhere he would go
it'd just be shots shots shots and and
then he one time ran into at the improv
and it was like 1 o'clock in the morning
and I was headed home and he's like hey
is there a after party where do we go I
was like where do we go
like go home go to sleep yeah and then
the next time I saw him he was totally
sober
he's one of those guys though that got
sober and didn't stop being hilarious
no a lot of guys do yeah oh yeah sober
up and then they become annoying mm-hmm
and then they want to talk about their
sobriety but I cannot stand I can't
stand recovering addicts but not they
drugged them yeah man they're worse than
people who just find yoga mm-hmm they
just won't shut the fuck up about
recovery yeah I'm guilty of that with
many things I know if I get into
something I can't shut the fuck up about
it but I get it you know for them it's
like this
typical moment in their life we're all
sudden they have their shit together and
they just want to talk about all the
time the thing that drives me nuts
though is when they judge yes if they
always get a little judgy that I go you
sure like do you need that last drink
and I'm like yeah I do and I can handle
my shit so hey I'm super sorry you got
that fucked up Jean yeah yeah whatever
so you went too far with it but I I've
got it under control I like being a
little buzzed like it mm-hmm
and I'm luckily the drugs in the in the
drinking that I do it's uh you know I if
I'm gonna drink I drink high quality
stuff smoke a little weed but the other
drugs don't really do it for me have you
fucked with the other drugs tried just
about everything yeah and it's just like
not from me like I've done cocaine and
the next day been like I just feel
stupid like I feel like everything that
came out of my mouth last night was dumb
I feel like hell I enjoy weed chose me
out like beer and wine and and in vodka
and whiskey I have not done a lot of
things I've never done masculine or
peyote just basically I think they're
pretty much the same thing I've never
done coke I've never done meth I've
never done any real and feta means I've
always been scared of those though
because those the ones that I've seen
people like really lose their lives for
yes yeah I don't mess with them feta
means at all and I don't enjoy it
someone who grinds their teeth you know
like that that's that's awful
and I found like with it's a comedy you
can't be funny on cocaine at comics who
do do cocaine and our flame yeah because
I just find it to be like you're not I
can't laugh at anything and I can't like
I'm talking too fast my timings off and
like I'm not thinking in a funny way but
I've always been surprised the comics
who have coke problem yeah Joey Diaz
talked about that cuz Joey Diaz did coke
for years but he doesn't he's never done
coke and I said she goes he goes every
time I tried it I was fucking terrible
he goes it takes away your soul ya heart
you got no heart when you up there yeah
you know they I guess again I've never
done it but uh but I didn't get is just
I get that whole speedy thing were you
just like your sense of how people are
perceiving you is distorted timing is
distorted yeah like I don't even go
onstage hi I may have a couple beers I'd
only be slurring
in smoke pot at all that day it's a
worse show for it really yeah wonder why
that is
I think I'm just in my own head you know
I make it makes me want to get through
the set as opposed to being present and
enjoying it like I just wanted to be
over so I can go chill out hmm you know
it's only on only with weed one of my
favorite things to do when I would take
guys on the road means get him so high
that they could barely talk and then put
them on stage that's the first the first
two guys I would open for on the road it
was Doug Benson and Brian Posehn Jesus
Christ and they were like they wanted to
smoke all day but I was like every time
I was a feature act like most every time
I was a feature act I was terrible
because I thought like I have to smoke
these guys they won't take me on the
road but I'm like barely getting through
this half hour
yeah and I'm terrible it's not a smart
move for someone who's just getting
going to be that high on stage but one
time I did I was uh I I really didn't
smoke pot I was 30
like really smoked pot but I did it a
handful of times when I was younger and
one time when I was like 21 I was living
with my buddy Jimmy and him and one of
his friends came over and he had pot we
smoked some pot during the day I think
we had a barbecue or something
and then I had a gig like six hours
later I was still high and I remember
being on stage and and my timing was
excellent and I was so locked in and
focused and I remember being terrified
that I was gonna be terrible
terrified but I really nailed it for
whatever reason but then I never did it
again and I was like boy I got away with
it you know and then I started smoking
when I was thirty and it kind of changed
my act like it made my act from like it
made my act more introspective I started
talking about weirder subjects and more
interesting I started talking about
things that I was actually more
interested in did you start to write on
stage more when you were high on stage
yeah I have always have written on stage
a little bit but mostly mostly like
tangents like I'd go off on a weird
branch if I knew how to get back to the
river right Oh take like a weird stream
off to the right and then
just long as I knew how to get back to
the river of whatever the fuck I was
talking about I'd be fine but when I'm
high I'll just let go wandering through
the woods like I'm not even concerned
about the river oh my god you know
there's the river of thought the pattern
that you're following but when I'm high
I'm like what but who the fuck wants
that and the why why would you be that
person and then I'm thinking like I
remember when I was a kid and then I'll
just like out of nowhere have this idea
and I'm hoping it's gonna go somewhere
and those moments I feel like they're
like it's like foraging for food like
occasionally you find it like if you go
out looking for mushrooms you don't know
where they are you might find edible
mushrooms hopefully you're gonna find
them again sometimes you won't sometimes
you come home in an empty basket but
sometimes you get them and the only way
you find out is if you forage and that's
kind of what it feels like when I'm high
on stage it's like okay but then I'm
also really worried that I'm gonna be
boring like I want to be I know these
people paid to see I know I'm trying to
develop material but I also know I'm
entertaining these people in the present
so it's like a fine line yeah I don't
have that confidence to waste the
audience this time I'll see Chris Rock
yeah a friend of mine and he'll go up
and just like with nothing yeah and just
sit there and look very comfortably for
45 minutes and just and just and just
kind of talk and look for things and has
no problem with whatsoever now this is
what else he'll go what else what else
no like stare at the sky look at the
ground I can't you know was the master
at that was Damon Wayans oh my god ooh a
lot of people have forgot a lot of
people forgot was one of the fucking
still is one of the best comics ever
Damon was a goddamn murderer in the 90s
oh I love firming up but I remember
going to the haha cafe they would do it
like a show every Tuesday that my
friends would run and Damon Wayans would
always drop in and do an hour and ruin
the show he would have no material and
he would just attack people in the crowd
by the time he was offstage like the
audience was furious like they were they
went crazy when he came out
and then by the end they were just like
why is he doing this to us he'd be like
we were like oh fuck Damon Wayans is
here
really looked up to as a kid and like
loved you just like oh man this asshole
again wow that's crazy I wonder why I
was doing that I guess it's probably
because he couldn't do it at the store
anymore yeah what how many years ago was
this god I mean at least at least 10 12
13 years ago yeah see that puts it
that's that makes sense right because
that's around 2005 yeah that's like
probably he stopped going to the store
the store probably tightened up the way
they used because they used to just let
anybody just drop like Eddie Griffin
would drop in wasn't on the wasn't on
the schedule he would drop in at 9:00
p.m. and get offstage at 3:00 a.m. and
that was real yeah yeah that was real
six hours and and then when he was done
he was like who's next who's next six
hours what's the longest that you've
ever done I think an hour and 40 minutes
maybe a little longer I don't remember
but I think an hour and 40 minutes
probably the longest I've ever done yeah
yeah but that's too long too long yeah
an hour and 20 is more than anybody
should ever have to hear you talk yeah
and even that it's like pushing it what
I like I like I like to do when I do
like a theater a to an hour or an hour
and ten and I just well I just want to
just start and then finish just come on
go ready and then for one hour I want
everything to be tight and concise and I
would way rather have an hour and 10
minutes that people really enjoyed
versus an hour and a half were there
like an hour of it was really funny cuz
then that leaves you with this even if
it's the same hour that extra time I
also just think the audience doesn't
want to see more than an hour of comedy
no and it's like like people work I did
three hours the other night like wow
like the audience must have hated it
like Chappelle used to drop into the
cellar he and like Dane Cook were going
back and forth like who could do the
longer set long ever world record right
they had like World Records yeah and
then I think Bob Marley eventually broke
it or something
marlee from maine yeah yeah I didn't he
do like two days on stage and but
Chappelle was down there one time and I
was like oh I'm gonna check it out and
it was like almost unwatchable yeah cuz
it was like the pacing that they had
that you have to do in order to be on
stage that long and he was funny but he
would be like not funny for long
stretches than a big punch line yeah and
then back into it you're like all right
like I was when Dave was on hiatus right
that was when Dave kind of like took
time off a comedy for a long time he cut
I mean kind of like he was doing
specials but I think he was doing like
surprise shows like he was always always
kind of on tour in weird venues he's
still doing that now he's not always
doing like big big giant theaters so
like he'll just want to book like a 20
seat room yeah and make his agents crazy
well he's been doing it he's been doing
the lab at the improv that little tiny
room which is what 50 50 seats maybe
yeah he did it Aziz did it that's a
that's a place where comedy dies that
little fucked up room I have always
hated that room that room sucks every
dick on the planet when people are like
oh you can try it new stuff it's like I
can try the new stuff in the main room
yeah for a good crowd like why do I want
to do this little terrible room I don't
know why it's even there well it's a
weird one was cuz the belly room is
perfect the belly room works yeah but
some works for some reason that lab
seems like why is there comedy here what
is why is the door right there why is
this tree right there
what is this yeah what is this here what
you got going on here everything about
it it's bad yeah
like I I was trying to tell them I go
turn that into the comics green room
like no there's good comedy there I'm
like shut your mouth you shut your mouth
you turn that into the comic scream room
yeah they used to be where the bar was
right now they used to be like where
everybody'd hang out before the show it
was great it was great and he'd go in
the other room to go onstage and you
would go from that part to go on stage
now everybody goes from the front door
to go on stage so you're trapped in that
little hallway like where the fuck how
do I where do I hide yeah yeah there's
nowhere to hide that's why I love the
stores so much you know there's so many
places to hide but the store has that
little problem with the o.r like when
you're right before you're about to go
on stage you're in the hallway and yeah
I don't like the hallway but I like
those seats on against the back yeah
just for comics do yeah and I sit there
and go over your notes and yeah
I love that back bar yeah Akbar is my
favorite the back bar is the shit the
the secret comedians bar yeah I mean
that's just what they've done in the new
this new generation of managers and the
people that run the place now
they've sort of like really paid
attention to like what what's gonna make
these guys happier what's gonna make
this better like you gotta give them a
place where they can hide so giving that
back bar and you go to the back bar any
day it's filled with people just hanging
out talking shit and like it's fun it's
like a fun play I go there I gravitate
and I get into the back here I'm like oh
look at all these cool people yeah
that's a great spot to hang out it yeah
yeah they did that they added security
they did it so it's it's night and day
to the way it used to be I never used to
go there I didn't like hanging out there
I didn't like any part of it and then
once once the new management took over I
was like oh great like I once did a show
there I did a benefit there was a kid
who died I forget his name he was a
comic died in a car accident and they
had like a benefit for his family oh
yeah that's Josh Adam Irish friend
Angelo yeah yeah I did not know him I
didn't know him either but by seems like
a fan of mine and I was like I was like
his favorite comic that they could get
and I'm like I'm on the marquee it's a
sold-out show I have a great set I walk
off and Tommy comes up and he's like the
old manager is like ant that was great
man we got you got to get you around you
get you guys start hanging out you know
you got to started hanging out and doing
you know doing the open mic and stuff
and I'm like to me open my name is on
the marquee right now you just watched
me headline this show like what are you
talking about and I then that I don't
never saw him again next thing I knew he
was fired and they were like what can we
do to get you back here
well that's Adam you know right Adam get
the same thing to me
he told me that Tommy got fired and came
to visit me The Improv so you were gone
seven years seven years from the store
yeah and then when Tommy left they
brought you back in yeah well there's
two reasons one I had to go physically
to the store because Ari was filming his
Comedy Central special and is like that
he's a you know Ari's just one of my
best friends
and I knew him from the time he was a
doorman and I knew that him filming his
special affair was so important and
there's no way I was gonna miss it I was
like I have to be here like I have to
see this at the store so I was like ah
fuck
all right I gotta go back and so I
decided to go back I think he was
filming on a Wednesday what what night
is gross battles on Tuesday right so I
went down there on a Tuesday so let me
go down on Tuesday just to see what's up
and I went to roast battle and I was
like holy shit this place is electric
this is crazy like the environment is so
much different it's so creative and the
the night that I was at roast battle was
fucking fantastic it was so good there
was so many funny Roasters and I
remember thinking wow this place is just
different man it just feels so much
different and it wasn't like it is now
like now like you'll go on a Saturday
night they'll have six sold-out shows
they have two shows in the belly room
two in the are two in the main room
everything sold out and packed with
headliners and it's chaos it wasn't like
that it was still sort of shitty like in
terms of like the numbers but the vibe
and the creativity was way different and
the new guys and girls that were coming
up
they were fucking good man I was like
wow this is a different vibe I'd been
gone for almost a decade
yeah so that brought me in and like I
said I had to be there for Ari
there was no way like there's no way I
could miss it I had to be there so I'm
like all right I just got swallowed and
that was probably what Adam for sure
helped but I might have stayed away
forever if it wasn't for Ari I just had
to see it you know
do you like roast battle do you like
judging that I get I cringe sometimes
because they're so fucking me yes yeah
sometimes people are so mean you know
but I do like it I do love the writing
aspect of it I love the fact that it's a
joke writers form but I don't want to
name any names or there's one comic than
I'm friends with that does really well
on roast battle and I said hey man how
come you when you roast you have all
this good new material but you're doing
the same stupid shit when you go onstage
all the time like you were doing the
same set for years
you're not you're not advancing because
you're not writing a lot but you're
writing a lot when you write for roasts
mm-hmm I'm like you should treat like
your material like the same way you
treat your material when you have to
roast like the thing about the roast is
like say if you are gonna roast with
Tony Hinchcliffe you guys know each
other you know who you're writing for
all right Tony what does he look like
you looks like you know you start
fucking around with all I know this
about Tony and that about Tony this is
gonna be funny and it forces you to be
creative whereas I think there's so many
guys that they they develop a framework
of a set and then they just kind of like
that that is their comfort the comfort
is in the fact that they know even if
it's not good they know that they can go
from this to that and that to this and
they know where they're going and they
don't they're not lost you know and I
think that the beautiful thing about the
roast is none of that material you can
do in any other place you can only do it
right there so you have to work on them
and so often times you see like what
Comics capable of when they're roasting
versus what they're doing when they're
actually doing their real set which
seems stale yeah yeah I feel like it's
almost I agree with everything you're
saying that it's almost like it's not
beneficial right to be like a really
good at roast battle and not as a Stan
like it takes it can take away from
stand-up and people think it's like this
this path to glory and I'm not sure that
it is no I don't think it is I think
it's a good exercise if you're if you're
treating all of your comedy the way you
treat the roast battle like you're
always working on it but I think there's
a lot of guys who just aren't working on
I think part of our problem is there's
no other art form like stand-up where
there's like you were telling me you
were saying how you took a class to
learn to get on stage but you were quick
to add and almost every great comic does
this that you really didn't learn
anything in that class but no but it got
you to the stage that's weird that
there's nothing like the best education
that we have is talking to each other
like how do you write how do you do it
and I'm always I've been doing how many
30 years and I'm always like how do you
do it what are you doing what are you
doing this way are you doing it that way
what are you write it do you write it
out like everybody's got a different
thing like
bird doesn't write anything out just his
notes and works it out on stage you know
he writes it he has these ideas in his
head and then he rants and you know he
uses his podcast to develop a lot of his
material because his podcast is unique
in that it's just him talking mm-hmm but
everybody's got a different thing and
there's no one who's right like now no
one no one's right I let this was it
Stanhope who said that if you tell if
you give a comic advice you're just
telling them how to be more like you mmm
you know that I kind of agree with it
you can say like write more get on stage
as much as you can you know that's
important but there are things even in
comedy that like you hear early on the
it takes 10 years to understand yeah you
know like I remember the movie um the
movie comedian with Jerry Seinfeld was
like a huge influence on me and there's
one point where just Seinfeld is kind of
depressed and he's like conk wins like
what's the matter he's like I just don't
know when I'll be back
you know when I'll feel like I'm back
again with this new material and Colin
Quinn says uh when you're on stage and
you're killing and you're miserable
that's when you'll know you're back like
we just look great I'm making these
idiots laugh inside I was dying laughing
and I was like I was saw that and I
didn't understand what he meant and now
I know exactly what you know well if I
could go back to when that was filming I
would grab orny Adams and go don't do it
don't let them do this to you man how
long you been doing comedy don't let
them do this they're gonna put you that
they're doing this to make Jerry look
better don't let him do it
mm-hmm I mean he must have thought it
was like the biggest thing in the world
for him
yeah and I'm so mad like I love that
movie I watched the DVD once a year and
there's no orny Adams commentary track
they should give him one I think with no
reference it like in the other comment
the big Oni will talk about this in his
and I think he was so angry with the way
he was portrayed that he refused to do
what I was given here they portrayed I
mean they they just edited him the worst
aspects of it they didn't want to give a
nuanced perspective on who he is and
what he's doing they just wanted him to
be like the young guy who's trying to
figure it out versus the old you know
legend mm-hmm mm-hmm
but they would like my friends would use
him as an example like if I was like
acting like a jerk they Beck you're
behaving like going yet
like you need to like I came in second
and like a comedy competition and I was
mad about it and they were like don't be
like warning and I was like thank you
got it
well he's doing great now I mean or he's
doing fine but I don't met him a couple
of times he's in he's a knight he's
always been nice to me nice guy I once
did a show at the improv where's years
ago and it's an 8 o'clock show I'm not
I'm not the headliner the owners going
on after me but it's like I'm the
biggest name on the on the marquee and I
get there and there's six people in the
audience and two of them were like
friends of mine would never see me
perform and I was like this is
humiliating I was like what I'm like
yelling at the staff I mean how do you
have six people here at 8:00 p.m. on a
Friday I go to the store right now and
it's the five rooms were sold out like
what's going on and I get on stage and
I'm so embarrassed my friends who see me
that I'm yelling at the staff staff
members are walking by time screaming at
like yelling at the sound guy don't even
I don't even do a joke I like put the
mic down I'm like fuck this place I'm
never coming back and I leave and I see
my friends a couple days later and I'm
like so sorry about that like no you
were funny look at the guy who went
after you that guy was angry sound guy
for 15 minutes like what the hell did
you do The Improv had those dark moments
they still kind of do sometimes like
sharp did a show there recently on a
Friday night it was 25 people in the
crowd I live I blew up at like the new
booker that i called me up and like we
would love to have you back as we see at
the store what can we do to get you back
at The Improv and I'm like email me once
so once a week and tell me what spots
you have and I'll tell you when I can go
like all right like I'm booked for a
Wednesday
I see the lineup it's like me five
people Tiffany Haddish I'm like great
should be good show day of the Improv
emails me and they're like listen
Tiffany Haddish wants to do an hour and
she wants you to introduce her so it's
just gonna be the two of you guys no
emcee and I'm did you just bump me down
to opening act like without and not
asking if this is okay just like you're
now the emcee going up cold that I was
and I'm like alright I'll be there but
know that I'm furious and they're like
why didn't you just cancel and I'm like
because I want you to know how mad I am
never coming back here and Tiffani was
great that was nice to her but I was
just I couldn't believe that they would
treat me with like that I'm there
tomorrow night at the improv I'm there
all the time yeah you want to do a set
maybe sold out
actually I got I'm going to dinner to
celebrate the special dam yeah it's good
if you catch it with a packed crowd
it's just they didn't have the right
approach to marketing yeah that's all it
is but he used to when I first started
that was the club yeah you know well
that was where I went when I left the
store when I left the store for seven
years I did my sets at The Improv at the
ice house haha
I did just anywhere else but the store
Laugh Factory no no no never they film
you yes yeah and they put people up and
they put they've done it with me they
put your shit up on line and they say
they don't do it anymore but that's too
late you can't just do that yeah and
their attitude about it was very
disappointing like when I told them that
I wanted them to take my shit down they
were not they then weren't they weren't
understanding or apologetic until it
became a big deal yeah like big deal
like you know like how to get other
people involved mm-hmm it was not good
it's not the wise to think that you
could just film people and put them
online when they're working out for free
yeah and I know yeah especially like a
guy like you who's going to do a fucking
Netflix special so you're gonna release
this stuff and put it online
long before Netflix gets a hold of it
and the attitude about it just wasn't
good I mean it's a great club I've
worked there many many times I just
don't do it anymore yeah you know it's
just get it together you know this this
is the fucking big leagues we're in
Hollywood this is not like some fucking
shithole comedy club in the middle of
nowhere that nobody goes to this is on
the Sunset Strip this is in Hollywood
and you're doing that like what do you
guys what are you doing yeah he couldn't
trust him
it just was ridiculous but it's a great
club me go there you'll see great comedy
it's it's a fucking killer setup you
know it's there's a lot of the pieces
are in place for it to be amazing
yeah I was going back for a little bit
but they would like they would use me to
promote the whole show it's like you
think as if it's just my show all right
I'm just doing 15 minutes and making the
same money as everybody else on the
lineup like if I'm at the Comedy Store
it's like me you D'Elia Sebastian like
you don't feel that pressure right and
we're all in it together kind of thing
that it's seeing enjoy the store a lot
more than it just with the way they
promote yeah I feel less pressure yeah
the quality of the comedy is better and
at the store and this like there's
something about that that I think is
like one of the things that's happened
from the 7 years ago or the 7 years when
I was gone versus now which is I've been
back like almost four years would be
four years in November or five years
November is that it's better for me to
see guys like you and to see guys like
Neal Brennan and and all these it's just
working with killers just just this
lineup of like where I know that if
there's 400 people in that audience
they're coming to see everybody they're
not just coming to see me and I think
that's that's critical for developing
material I think it's critical for
putting piecing stuff together and and
putting an act together it's like I need
a balanced audience I don't want to
perform for the the converted
you know exactly like if I feel like the
store is like a gym yeah
where you're working out we're like
you're not getting the same I don't get
the same laughs at the store that I do
if I go to Largo and every single person
there has paid 30 bucks just to see me
so they're like it makes it easier but
because I've worked at the store like
you it's like I've earned that at Largo
yeah you know but you but if I just did
Largo all the time and that was it I
wouldn't be as good you know you need to
kind of you need to suffer a little bit
there's so nice at Largo mm-hmm I did
law I did Whitney show at Largo and it
was it was so so nice and then uh I did
this bit about mocking feminists and I
could say like I don't like feminists
for the same reason why I don't like
white people or only in the white people
like I like people who like everybody
like I'm not interested in anybody who's
really only into one thing you know like
come on stop yeah
it's nonsense you're like I do women
need equal rights of a fucking course of
course yeah but I want to hear you talk
about it all the time
it's annoying yeah and you can see like
the the tightening up like someone
saying that they don't like feminists
like it's like oh you guys are
indoctrinated I see what this is and so
then I felt like and it helped me
actually develop this one piece that I
was doing and that the like sort of
around it rounded out this one piece I
was doing because I was trying to figure
out a way that I could explain it to
someone who might have a preconceived
notion about Who I am like the to say it
in a way that makes people that were
hesitant laughs you know I mean versus
savages at 11:30 on a Saturday night
that are hammered mhm mm-hmm yeah so
Whitney Cummings crowd wasn't endear
anti-feminist they laughed they laughed
because the punchline was good and I had
a place to go with it and the place to
go was ultimately mocking men's rights
activists that was the the the real
thing was the the this the set up for
that joke is I don't like anybody's into
one thing and I go but what drives me
the most fucking crazy is men's rights
activists I'm like every men's rights
activist I ever met I just want to grab
and go dude we got them all yeah we got
all the rights yeah we got them all I
can't believe that's a real thing what's
a real thing if you get divorced and you
have child it's for child custody those
things are those things are real like
guys really I know men who have gotten
really fucked over in divorce where
their wife hired a fucking killer lawyer
and they dragged them through see the
thing about and I learned this from Phil
Hartman unfortunately before he died I
was trying to tell him to get divorced
and he I said just give her half man
you'll make more money it's not half he
goes it's 2/3 it was the fucking lawyers
take a third it's a goddamn scam you
know he like he was furious about it
because apparently he had been trying to
figure it out like how to do it but I
had a friend whose wife ex-wife dragged
it out on purpose because she wanted him
to pay the legal bills so he had to pay
for her lawyer he had to pay for his
lawyer
then he had to pay for all of the times
that she decided to change the goalposts
and Moo and renegotiate like there's no
no one can say that you can't
renegotiate so she would just
renegotiate and just drag things out and
her her goal was to try to drain him
financially mm-hmm so she was doing this
on purpose like targeting so he was
essentially paying for the general of
the army that was plotting the murder
and he was slowly going crazy and I was
watching my friend go crazy and it took
several years for it to be completely
resolved and he's still paying her he's
still but he's been divorced for I think
12 years now and he still pays her she
they didn't have a child and he has a
family now he's married with children
now he and he still pays this person
still paid like he fucked her so hard
she can't work 12 years later yeah it's
so that's where men's rights activists
have a point because if you're in a
state that's particularly progressive or
liberal in regards to alimony and child
support the only love the only thing
that we win on that is like Tom Arnold
like we got a one on the board for Tom
Arnold when he Devore but the problem
with that is I love Roseanne more than I
love Tom Arnold no offense Tom but I do
you know so like it bothered me that
Roseanne had to pay him like bro get the
fuck out of here
you can work like why how come we you
with a successful person if that
successful person says get fucking kick
bricks get out of here you have to pay
them DEP that person has to pay the
person they're getting rid of yeah
well oh he's used to her lifestyle what
that's that that I'm used to it is yeah
it's the only thing that makes sense is
child care that makes sense and like hey
who this person is taking care of the
children they're your children you guys
had these children together you have to
contribute to the the money that it
costs to raise a child 100% I get it
what I don't get is alimony I just don't
get it
we're not together anymore know how we
were before we were together and you
didn't have any money and then you met
me and now I have money and then
you you got used to having money well
you're gonna have to get used to not
having money yeah because now you don't
have any money because now we're not
together anymore or like a year maybe
you know what I mean like let her take
some time to get back on her feet but be
a prostitute or anything yeah you don't
have to be a it's just bitterness it's
like I want to take you for everything
that I can like one of my friends was
going through a divorce he was like all
my friends have gotten a divorce 80% of
them if they have kids
the wife accuses the husband of
molesting the kids just for visitation
you know just to like for negotiation
yes exactly well the lawyers are onto
that now you know I mean this is
actually something that my friend was
warned of when their him and his wife
were splitting up like is your wife
malicious will she you know make some
sort of a baseless accusation and he's
like how so and then they went into that
yeah man there's evil people out there
that and there's also this thing that
happens when people break up with
someone if someone doesn't want to be
with you anymore someone that you deeply
loved and cared about you want them to
suffer that's weird it's weird
I mean it's normal so I guess it's not
that weird but that the evil vicious
jealousy you know you see that vicious
jealousy and chimpanzees like one of the
things that chimpanzees do when they
attack people one of the things they
attack people over his unfairness like
there was a terrible story about a guy
who had kept a pet chimp and then
brought the chimp a birthday cake on his
birthday Brian Posehn has a whole bet
about it do you does it does yeah and
the other chimps found out that this
chimps getting a birthday cake and they
saw it and they weren't getting any cake
and they were fucking furious so someone
had inadvertently left one of the gates
open so the chimps got out tore this guy
apart because of a birthday cake but
it's that thing it's not like it was
affecting them I was like he was doing
something bad to them so they got out
and killed him no they ripped his dick
off because they didn't like the fact to
give the other chimp a birthday cake so
his dick took his fingers took his feet
yeah yeah yeah
Posehn spits so funny is like the the
worst thing about that story for that
guy is that everyone's gonna want to
hear it forever because it starts with
so I was bringing a birthday cake to a
chimpanzee
and like you got to get the rest that
but that that anger and jealousy like
there's evolution there's an
evolutionary basis for it oh is that
what he looks like now oh my god it's
tough his fingers are missing his face
is missing he's got one eye his nose is
gone look at that frown Oh Wells face is
ripped apart I probably stitched it
together that way awful yeah it's
fucking awful man yeah you can't own a
chimp crazy assholes they're the most
vicious of all the primates next to
people I'll take good for like you can
put like trained em like the first like
five years of their life and then they
forget everything they just decide
they're gonna fuck you up yeah and
they're so strong what does that one
doing is that the chimp no no but it
just popped up in the same group of
pictures issues hairless chimp look so
there's some mean such a it's such a
mean species you know there's a problem
with colobus monkeys in parts of Africa
where chimps live because they've eaten
so many colobus monkeys that they're the
populations down 97% yeah they rip them
apart and eat them a lot more than alive
are they tiny cups monkeys it's not big
not big enough to eat but uh is it David
Attenborough documentary from the 90s
where they first discovered that chimps
eat monkeys they really didn't know they
thought the chimps were basically
herbivores and then they got this video
footage of them hunting these monkeys
and the way they would Corral them and
beat them through the trees and catch
them and this monkey screaming while
this chimp is ripping it apart from the
hips by just chewing it pulling it apart
from the he's like and he's like
basically ripping his legs and his ass
end off I'm just eating it alive
goddamn they're fucking mean and they're
fucking mean it's a mean animal but the
wood but I get the fact that look
everything's mean in the jungle there's
big cats and poisonous snakes and
spiders and it's just a hard hard hard
world but the thing that dries that gets
me is the jealousy because I don't think
other animals experience jealousy the
way chimps do if this is that it right
there
from the attenborough the end of the
clip where they actually caught it yeah
so that's a monkey in his hand yeah dude
the videos of it killing it while
they're pulling it apart like wah but
that jealousy that I want you to suffer
I didn't get that fucking cake oh you
don't let me have that cake I can't get
any cake I'm gonna pull your fucking
dick off on it bite your nose off like
that that is a as a strange trait for an
animal to have oh yeah no I mean I think
it's a terrible trait for a human being
to have oh yeah yeah yeah it's something
you got to work on but when it comes to
divorce like that's that same thing it's
like that same I want you to fuck and
suffer or I want to pull your dick off
and that's why you know people hire
hitman and shit to kill their ex-wives
and killer ex-husbands well yeah people
don't get less crazy as they age you
know no time to get more because then
they've realised it's almost over the
rides over and now you know you know 65
year old lady no one's a fuck you and
your 65 year old man don't want to fuck
you either and now all sudden you guys
are battling you know yeah battling over
finances and this and that I can't be
the best years of my life oh that's my
favorite
I did I did a girl want someone we broke
up she said I wasted all this time with
you I said oh like oh I thought we were
dating yeah I didn't know you were
investing yeah yeah yeah I wasted it
oh you wasted it well I guess every
relationship when it's over is a waste
like what that's so bizarre yeah bizarre
way of looking at it yeah enjoy the
present enjoy the time you had together
yeah but if you thinking about in terms
of like hitching a ride on a successful
train yeah if your goal is to get
married and you're with someone for five
years and then they break up the oh you
know I should've been with someone else
yeah you would have married me now I
gotta find someone else yeah
the jealousy thing about the breakup is
so it's so normal it's so hard for
people to not be jealous like no very
few people ever break up and go hey man
she's cool it just didn't work out I was
a dick she was she needed some growing
we need we both needed time away hey I
wish her well I've never really gotten
jealous like I always like when they
move on you know what I mean when I'm
gonna get a new boyfriend you just like
I'll thank God that's cuz you're a comic
you have opportunities yeah yeah but
it's like it's like you're not their
responsibility anymore yeah I mean they
can still like if they're single they
can still call you up you know in the
middle of the night yeah still get mad
about things like still let's talk about
this again once dating someone else
you're like alright yeah you're someone
else's problem now the best is when they
have a kid with someone else you like
yes mm-hmm
that's over baby never talk to you again
I'm free yeah it's interesting that it's
it's a it's an interesting thing when
you decide to touch naked bodies with
the person right you like create this
bond by doing things with your bodies
and spending time together and then you
separate but you're always gonna have
this yeah but I used to touch naked
bodies with her you know yeah we used to
get together and we used to do things
together we don't do it anymore but I
did it I did it back in the day I got
her naked and we got naked together
yeah history yeah its history it's weird
you know yeah yeah shouldn't ever forget
I won't either we touched each other
yeah I like the idea of like
relationships looking back fondly on
relationships I never felt like I wasted
my time the people that I've dated that
I'm like probably shouldn't have done
that
but but for the most part I try to have
good feelings about it you don't you
want to hate I got a period of your life
now it's pointless it but there's
lessons learned those ones that I've had
that we're like oh that's how you know
like what when you date someone and it's
cool when they're they're good you get
it like I did this girl a long long time
ago who's super negative just super
negative all the time and then I dated
this other girl right afterwards who was
not negative at all she was always
laughing about stuff and joking around
no matter what like even it like her car
getting an accent she'd take a deep
breath and go well that car's fucked up
and she would start laughing and I was
like oh this there's different ways to
handle things like if you get stuck with
your high school sweetheart and and
she's a pain in the ass forever like you
never understand like there are the
exact same circumstances one person is
going to handle it
differently and if you're with that
person it's gonna be a totally different
experience where it'll be a bonding
experience versus them whoa is meaning
for the next six months and bringing it
back to I can't even look at a tourist
because it reminds me of when I done
that accident like fuck that was a year
ago I like when people are together for
a long time they break up and then the
guy gets married to the next woman he
runs into instantly instantly it's like
he just like found the opposite of what
he'd been dealing with and was just like
so over the moon about it yeah they had
to marry right away that happened nobody
montt he did an actress and then it was
just you know just brutal everything was
career this career that was about her
career was trying to help her career and
and then they broke up he's like I'm
never getting married again a month
later he's with this new chick and he's
living with her two months later and
then he's married six months later I'm
like what happened he goes never ever
realized it wasn't that I didn't want to
be married he goes I just didn't want to
be married to her because I've realized
like there's some people out there that
I get along great with yeah and if you
don't if you don't bail on a bad
relationship you don't know that there's
you can be and you are gonna be
different that's the other thing like
your D I'm different with different
people you're different with something
like you react better to certain people
and certain people's personalities you
jive better with them you have more fun
with them it's more entertaining it's
and you get like reintroduce yourself
you know the other person knows you for
this like five year period of time when
maybe you weren't at your best yeah you
know and like you've already used all
your tricks you know I mean like if you
give a girl diamond earrings you can
never give her diamond earrings again
for as long as you live you know I mean
it's like that present is over right for
now and then when you get this wound
with someone new you can you know it's a
clean slate right you can impress them
yeah they haven't heard your fucking
dumb stories all right you can like you
can think I'll listen to this well I
always tell guys strive to be the person
you pretend to be when you're trying to
get laid if you can be that person that
real person all the time this is very
difficult to do but if you can be that
person most of the time if not all the
time you'll have a better life yes I
would agree with that yeah but it's fun
to try to impress people it's
when you meet someone like boy wait till
they see how witty I am yeah
yeah it's weird like with me I'm like I
don't like when someone just into me
just because they know who I am it
you're a famous comedian I'm like a
little annoyed but if they have no idea
who I am I'm also a little annoyed you
know it's like I think that this dish
should be perks to this yeah I'm missing
out on yeah did you not Google me yeah
yeah he's not a comedy fan what but hey
from another country what's going on uh
could you imagine dating someone who
didn't like comedy Anthony I love you
you're amazing but I don't like stand-up
I mean if it was someone who just like
didn't like stand-up I thought I was
great I could handle it yeah they didn't
like stand-up in general but they liked
your material in particular do you watch
a lot of stand-up me yeah I watch it at
the clubs I very rarely sit down and
watch a special yeah it's true
do you watch the special ever okay like
right now I'm working on it and trying
to put together a new hour so I'm trying
to go back and watch stuff but for years
I didn't watch anything but like it's
funny I feel like the three comics that
I watch are you - Lia
and Sebastian because I follow you guys
at the store so it's like I'm in the
room sitting there and like you're the
only three that I watch like I could
like for her I could like recite your
act word-for-word and I don't watch
anyone else it's so funny to me well I
think it's great to be again at a place
like the store where you can see all
these different styles and all these
different people doing it and you also
see how we kind of influence each other
in the slightest bit and you know that
we're all working in these really hot
rooms or it's all packed and but I think
it's good to sit down and watch you know
John Mulaney and when he did his what
was that where was his Radio City
producer Radio City or you know Dave
Chappelle wherever he did his he did his
in DC I think right but the big one
wasn't in DC last one I think was in LA
it's the last one well he did the store
with the belly room with a little one of
the room he did the other one he's
wearing like the military shits with a
see on the oj thing with oj that was in
LA and there was one in Austin they may
have been one more in DC I thought the
most recent bigger one was in DC but he
either way
maybe you're right well Jamie I'll find
it but it's I think it's a it's good to
see you know it's good to see how
different people do it I always enjoy
watching Katt Williams particularly in
the beginning because you know like a
lot of times he'll just run out on stage
and like he's running around on stage
for like five or ten minutes before the
fucking first joke comes out and he's
pointing at people the audience is
sweating and going crazy it's and it's
so different than the way anybody that I
know does it it's good to see that -
yeah he I think the most discussed
stand-up special over the past year was
not in a net it was Katt Williams his
bad did you see it yes the one he did
from Florida where he was up with ten
minutes of Florida material about 15
minutes of Jacksonville material that is
like apparently destroying that we just
I couldn't get enough of it we watched
watched it a hundred times
yeah but it tapered off pretty hard oh
yeah yeah i tapered off real hard when
he was doing the Trump stuff it's like
well this stuff is like half-baked yeah
it looked like it looked like he had a
bit that they like made him cut and so
he had to just like do the hour anyway
that's where I assume having watched it
okay how'd they do that though they
don't tell you to do shit they don't
tell me to do shit I don't think they're
gonna tell him to do shit it may have
been like this is someone is already a
bit do you know what I mean
this simple as that I don't know it
seemed to me that it was almost like he
had some shit to say but maybe hadn't
been doing a lot of stand-up you know
like I don't know how much that guy
works out I don't see him anywhere
no I always wonder about those guys like
the guys who you don't see in the clubs
you know like Bill you know bill bird
saw a special one day and we were doing
a set together at the Ice House and he
came into the green room like frothing
at the mouth and he's like he goes the
the fucking guy I forget I know who he's
talking about I'll tell you later but he
was like the fucking guy doesn't do the
clubs anymore there's new clubs he goes
is watching this cringy bullshit and he
was like angry and it was like you got
to do the fucking clubs yeah people get
too comfortable you know it's just it's
only their fans there's preaching to the
fanbase yeah I got like Bill Maher who's
not changed in anyone's mind just like
people are people are applauding they're
there
they know they're gonna apply before
they even get there yeah I would never
do a comedy club he's in the comedy
clubs at all
no I'm sure he does not yeah yeah I
think you I think you really have to
yeah no I think so too
yeah well he's in this weird category
too right where he's not just doing
comedy he's got to do everything has to
be political mm-hmm cuz this whole thing
is about political shit like his show
his persona who he is
mm-hmm you know he donated a million
dollars to the Democratic Party like
he's it's all politics all of it and I
can't stand political humor just because
it's it's so easy you know you're either
you're either making everyone mad or
you're making everyone really happy but
it doesn't really matter like what the
joke is
yeah you know yeah yeah yeah it's uh and
then if you're doing stuff about like
the Speaker of the House okay so the
Mueller report it's a fuck man like now
yeah you know who's like super deep into
politics on the right is Nick DiPaolo
like every time I talk to him yeah and
wants to talk about the fucking steel
dossier yeah yeah yeah
let's talk about all this different all
the shit Obama did well how about when
Obama did this well yeah how do you know
yeah I don't even know this I know the
knowledge of it like I once got a phone
call before the last election like you
know a year ago and they're like we want
to ask you about like how involved would
you say are you with politics and I'm
like very action I'm pretty passionate
right now and I'll inform did you say
you I'm like I'm at I'm very informed
and I'm like okay and they start asking
me questions and I did not know what the
fuck they were talking about like I
hadn't heard of any of these things any
of these bills like I have no idea I
have no idea what's going it's like the
difference between a casual sports fan
and someone who really understands all
the drafts and all the picks from
different colleges and with this guy's
got potential and this guy needs to work
on his defense this here's our forty
times yeah yes yeah the people who know
the combine numbers yeah a benchpress
225 47 times
oh yeah there's people that know that
stuff and it's exhausting because it
it's so involved like you have to if
you really want to be paying attention
to everything that's going on with Nancy
Pelosi you got a you got to be paying
attention that all day long
mm-hmm and most people that do that
they're nuts like you're it's just us
it's like sports it's sports but in a
different way like you're just this is
the thing that you're wrapped up in
mm-hmm
although it does shape our world you
know yeah as like right-wing comics go
though there's not a lot of like nichts
apollo's the king cuz he's actually
really fucking funny mm-hmm like he's
right-wing as like a person and and you
know he's conservative him but he's also
a great stand-up comedian but did he get
more right yes as he got older yeah so
he hasn't always I remembered the Paolo
he's one of my favorites you know when I
would see him on TV as a kid and I know
him a little bit now but the the the
right things seem to come up more and
more in the past 10 years yeah he was
always an angry guy but he became like
an old angry guy that's really into
politics as he got older yeah yeah I
mean I guess part of it is like it works
form like it's people love to hear it
like there's not a lot of those guys
like who does the right have to Bank on
in terms of like comics that they could
go see at Tim Allen barely does he do
stand-up anymore I think he does like I
think goes at the Laugh Factory
does he thanks yeah okay so maybe he's
one of those guys like what was last
time you want to say six months ago you
know I mean yeah you know I mean I don't
I don't know maybe I'm wrong but who
else okay so you got Tim Allen and Nick
DiPaolo there's got to be more there
must be I mean Norton kind of leans
right a little bit more libertarian but
he doesn't do a lot of politic jokes
he'll talk about it but me the fuck else
there's like no one but if you wanted to
do like left-wing convenience you could
start with Michelle wolf and work your
way up
oh yeah there's there's millions of them
Michelle wolf wasn't even like left-wing
I think the Correspondents Dinner
everyone's like this is a star-making
turn and I think it almost ruined her
really like yes because her show Netflix
was called the break like it was called
the break it was a
a break from all of this and just talk
about like other things going on in the
world we don't need to be focused on
politics and after that after the
Correspondents Dinner it was like the
opening show was like her going after
Sarah Huckabee Sanders and you're like
oh you you got forced into this you know
you found a niche yeah yeah it's tricky
if you find a thing that like works and
then people like you should really
concentrate on that like I remember
Jamie Masada gave a friend of mine
advice once way back in the day he's
like you should be Generation X guy when
you go on stage you should be I'm from
Generation X every time you know like my
generation Generation X think this and
talk like that I was giving him advice
and I was like listen me don't listen to
that as Jamie Masada ever given good
advice I don't know as Tiffany Haddish
she's still mad he manages her right so
he's doing something right he's manages
her yeah like recently I actually fired
everybody
maybe she fired him too yeah I don't
know she's a wild woman she do whatever
the fuck she wants now uh-huh
you know but you know I'm so happy for
her I knew her when the shit wasn't
going well you know she's always been
wild though she's so wild person she
seems like yeah in a good way yeah yeah
yeah just one of the two people that I
saw like on stage was like oh you're
gonna be a star yeah like I didn't know
anything about her but I was just like
you just start was it when she was
queefing into the microphone no no it
was not that you ever seen her do that
no dude she can make the most ungodly
sounds with her vagina like for real
yeah oh yeah yeah she takes the
microphone she puts it on her pussy and
goes like she knows how to do it she has
a apparently she has an ability to make
a noise with her vagina on cue that I
did go before her six people yeah can I
get a new mic hahaha
yeah I've followed her before I didn't
even think about I probably should have
yeah I figured like the genes are filter
enough yeah you hope so yeah we'd hope
yeah so it's not ideal
yeah you like that type of personally
that wild personality that like
gallic has that house like what the fuck
else could she have done other than
stand up I don't know but there's a lot
of those people out there that never
find stand up ocean life just becomes
chaos with the crazy person at the
office yeah you know it's just stuck
there and then you know you get fired
from enough of those jobs you can't even
get that office job anymore because you
you know word gets out oh yeah don't
hire Tiffany even that crazy bitch she's
never gonna be there
come when she is there she's gonna queef
into the fucking loudspeaker ya know ya
you this I wish I mean part of me says
no I don't wish that there was like some
sort of organized program to get into
comedy because figure it out I figured
it out you figured it out all of us did
but then part of me says man there's so
many kids out there there's probably a
16 year old kid right now who sees the
hypocrisy in all the things these adults
are doing and he fucking hates class and
he's sitting there right now going nuts
or there's a girl who's feeling the same
way about all her stupid friends and her
mom and all these fucking people that
want her to be a certain way
she's like Jesus Christ I really get the
fuck away from these people and and she
makes her friends laugh but nobody ever
tells her hey listen to me you could do
this you could talk shit about things
like you could be a really funny
comedian like you got to figure out a
way to do that nobody does that
like you it's so the number of people
that have the but like how many people
have you ever met in your life that have
the potential to be a comic but never
did it like we around them you're like
damn this guy's funny could I go comic
five or six you know there are people
who were like as funny as me in college
who just went on and got jobs and I got
funnier you know like that I knew people
like that or people one of the funniest
guys I ever met in my life was like was
like an executive producers PA but he
was so goddamn funny I couldn't believe
it but he like I don't think would have
translated the stage there's something
like there's something you have to
figure out in yourself to become a good
community and if you're the funniest guy
in the world yes you know it's a
different it's a different muscle you
know yeah but and I like that there's so
many different ways to do it like I
started in LA and people like you should
not start in LA Hey - yeah Ari did - I
helping me because it was like you had
to get good right away well re re did
open mics in DC at first but then
basically started out in LA when I met
him he was a doorman at the Comedy Store
about just a raw open mic er yeah it's
hard it's hard to start out in LA but it
can be done especially now especially
doesn't know any better you know right I
didn't I found out like years after I'd
started in LA that you should not start
in LA yeah and it wasn't like I was
gonna move and go I was already living
here when I decided to do stand-up but I
wasn't gonna like move to Chicago yeah
and start there oh yeah some people do
mm-hmm and they it doesn't seem to work
no I don't know anybody who's ever moved
from LA to like a satellite community
like Denver somewhere like that unless
they were like already really
established I don't know anybody who is
starting out who moved somewhere where
it worked out well no they always they
come back or like they go to Austin you
know I'm gonna I'm gonna try it out
there it's like it doesn't you're just
starting over yeah you got to start
there Desai yeah yeah there's no right
or wrong way to do it but man it would
be nice if somebody sort of collected
thoughts on how like what to do and what
not to do
yeah like some people are like oh you
got to get in the road just get on the
road and like and it's like no that
that's not great advice if you're doing
see rooms it's just gonna make you hate
the road right I've seen people who just
look like worn through that like they're
just like every night they're going up
and they're either like have to be like
a crowd-pleaser because the comparisons
just coming to see comedy like I'm so
lucky people come to see Anthony
Jeselnik and not just a comedy show yeah
because that's that can be brutal and
painful and I know a lot of people who
are like no just get in the road and
then their act suffers they have this
like hacky act all of a sudden because
they had to do it like that
you know it wouldn't gives me like
serious anxiety when I find out that
someone got a Vegas residency I go
how many nights a week six six nights a
week at the stratosphere it sounds I
mean someone told me David Spade was
thinking about doing one ha ha ha and he
went to go see Louie Anderson who was
doing one this before baskets and he was
like it was just the saddest thing I've
ever seen that was like Carlin's Last
Stand was the Vegas residency
didn't you have a Vegas residency yeah
where was he and I forget where he was
but he had like a meltdown where he like
went off on the crowd just like talk
took calling in my pieces of shit really
and yeah and then had to go to rehab was
like I'm addicted to painkillers like
and then I think he ever ever performed
again well he died before he died like
he was performing when he died I mean I
think he was at a hotel I'm pretty sure
he was sleeping in a hotel that he was
performing at when he died I'll believe
that but I excited and that last special
he did was terrible he's like reading
half of it I didn't see that it's it was
it was it was just like a you know what
a swan song for him but I think that was
after the Vegas residency so it must
have been doing more
yeah his schedule was very very hectic
and unusual he was doing one hour a year
an hour specialty with film and he would
write it all out like he would write it
all out and then tweak it a little bit
but it was more of a monologue than it
was like setup punchline jokes and he
seemed to be he was falling into this
more like sort more of a social
commentator in some aspects than he was
a stand-up towards the end mm-hmm oh
yeah someone told me that he a lot of
the reason he did an hour every year was
because uh like tax problems IRS has
come out of hard and so we had to be
working that much and it kind of made
him miserable you know the story about
his 9/11 story right tell me where he
recorded a special called I kinda like
it when a lot of people died that was
the name of the special and he has his
whole it closes with the big long 20
minute thing about like when he hears
about people dying he like them more the
better and he filmed it on like
September 10
and then the next day came and was like
we've got we've got to cancel this we no
one can ever see this or hear this and
now you can get the album but even in
the album he's reading it like they
destroyed the actual footage from the
taping what we're healing yeah they
destroyed it oh he was just like that no
one can ever see this Wow recorded in
Vegas at an MGM Grand on September 9th
and 10th Oh
September 9th and 10th that's crazy yeah
what was it called
but I kind of liked him a lot of people
died he must have woken up the morning
of September 11th and go did I manifest
this yeah look at that I kind of like it
when a lot of people die and so the
audio CD it's just him talking it's like
him working out the wait a minute it
says streaming like the audio streaming
with Amazon Prime's audio so there's no
video of it don't look what I'll see if
it is see if there is some some person
who work somewhere might have preserved
it I mean I feel like I would have heard
about it I mean I said listen to the bit
and it's if he's like I've got to read
this is how I do it so it's like a very
early version of it but it's not great
but I mean I can't I came and imagine
taping a special on September 10th he
had some dark moments in his career I
took some friends to see him in 1988 at
the Hampton Beach casino I think that's
what it was called in Hampton Beach New
Hampshire was like a place of people
would go up for vacation and we went to
see George Carlin there way back in the
day and he always had the same opening
act the same opening act I kind of knew
even back then because I was I guess I
was an open mic or then I was just
starting out I knew there were certain
guys he took people on the road with
them that were terrible that they took
people on the road with him that just
didn't they weren't good comics but they
made them look like heroes and they were
friends with them or because he just
wanted to have like the worst comic ever
go up before them
it's a good question you know you'd have
to I guess it would vary but for sure
there's certain comics that like it when
people go on in front of them suck
mm-hmm they do and they want that you
know there's certain comics that you see
them taking people on the road and you
looked
you like what the fuck you're taking
that guy with you like what are you
doing
why wait torturing people like that yeah
but uh the opening act did better than
George like he terrible set he had this
whole rant that he was doing cuz he he
had any unquestionably one of the
greatest comics of all time but he had
hours that were just not good and there
was a period of time where it seemed
like he'd just missed it like he was
miss like it was missing whether it was
his personal life was off or whatever it
was but he had this whole rant that was
like fuck this and he was like and fuck
Israel and fuck comedy clubs like he was
saying fuck comedy clubs like this is
like this whole bit and he was reading
it off of a yellow legal pad and the
whole audience is like standing there
like not understanding like where this
was going like we're waiting for the
jokes where's the hilarity where is it
and it was it just didn't exist and my
friends were mad at me I had taken him
from where we live we lived in Revere
and we all drove all the way up to New
Hampshire like a we're gonna go see
George Collins gonna be awesome
it was terrible it's funny that louis
c.k and like an interview years ago was
talking about how he took the pressure
came off of him today I always have a
good show
because said audience members loved
saying oh I saw George Carlin once and
he was awesome but they really love
saying you know I saw Carlin once and he
was horrible like they they still get
the experience and the story of it and
that that's it's theirs forever I can't
worry about doing bad it's better though
if they say you were funny
I think it's our thing to see a legend
bomb with me would be great well if you
were Carlin fan you got to see those if
you want to see him live a bunch of
times he had those rough spots man you
know it's um it's one of those things if
you're gonna do an hour of stand-up
every year if you're gonna have some
rough ones there's no way around that no
100% it seems like that's just mean it
can be done I think it can be done I
mean I think you can put together like
I'm six months in from my last special I
think I could do another special
six months but it wouldn't be as good as
my last one I don't think yeah I just
don't think it would I just think you
need time yeah one of year is crazy
one of years it's insane like they're
guys like Jimmy Carr who while they're
touring they're writing jokes and just
putting them away mm-hmm so at the end
of the tour when they taped the special
they have all these jokes they can go
through and look at and then start the
new tour from that that seems like I
like to sit in my set you know I mean I
just wanted to be focused on that yeah
and not always be writing the next thing
but some people who were just like I'm
just gonna go up and talk and it's
happening a lot now I think with like
the prevalence of Netflix specials
people just want the money and they're
famous enough they can just go up and
just get through it I'm like this is
your legacy yeah why would you want to
put out a bad special ever I don't care
what they're paying you mm-hmm make sure
it's great I feel the same way and I
feel like those people that watch that
when you do do that and if you don't
acknowledge that you fuck them over
they're never gonna trust you again if
you don't say hey look that one wasn't a
good special I gave it a shot it just
wasn't right it didn't come out right
I thought it was pretty good and then
the taping didn't go well and if you
don't do that they're not gonna listen
to you man they're like this is my best
work like this oh this is your best work
yeah well the fuck you can like fool
them once yeah and I mean like if I won
if I went on tour right now and just did
the same material from the special like
people would be like okay but they're
not coming back the next time right you
know they're gonna get mad at you yeah
yeah yeah when you do a special once
it's on Netflix you're done with that
material it's over done I know people I
try not even to remember it like I'm an
idiot in the way that I like assume that
the entire audience has seen everything
I've ever done good like I really do
think that and it's like even if it's
one guy in the back who's like I've
heard these before no one else has heard
it it still drives me crazy yeah that I
can't I don't it's I've got too much
pride I have the same feeling and I'll
say sometimes too and here's like if
something comes up I go I have an old
bid on this and I'll say the bit but
I'll let them know this is an old bit
like this is you know I got this old bit
yeah somebody some people though they
when cuz someone comes to see like Jim
Gaffigan they what if they
see hot pockets oh they get fucking man
I suck African in Toronto a couple years
ago and he did a killer hour just walks
out does the hour says thank you good
night walks off stage walks right back
on and does hot pockets doesn't ask who
wants to hear hot pockets
just goes right into it does the whole
ten-minute thing and then says good
night and walks off stage
yeah well Burt crisis that way with the
Machine mm-hmm like he has to tell that
fucking story yeah even though people
seeing it they want to see it live
mm-hmm
yeah he's trapped and I mean if I had
more stories I could get away with it my
nights it but once you hear the joke you
know it's it's over yeah it doesn't
doesn't work again yes Seinfeld still
does old old stuff he does really old
stuff and he's done two specials of old
stuff that he's that like he's already
put on specials I went and saw him at
the Palladium about a year or two ago
and it was one of the worst shows I've
ever seen like I had like a splitting
headache and I was like furious really
and one of my friends another comic that
I respect a lot gave him a standing
ovation and I was like are you fucking
kidding me news like I understand why
you feel the way you do but I just love
seeing the act and I was like I couldn't
believe it and then I saw a Seinfeld
again at cluster fest he was in the big
outdoor stage with a bunch of like four
kids completely different hour and
murdered like destroyed it was like he
has like corny stuff depending on what
what the audience you know is if
everyone's sitting there wearing a
yarmulke he's got one act and if it's a
bunch of kids he's got it he's got a
cool hip act really yeah so you went to
the yarmulke crowd yeah interesting what
was bad about that
it was aggressively corny and just
Courtney's a funny phrase yeah good like
you'd like thank you for coming to the
show I know you know we like should we
go to the show
should we go actually go to the show we
get to be new birds how do we get to
show do we really want to go to now I'm
like I can't believe he's doing this
right now but people were eating it up
like everyone around me was going nuts
and loving it but it was just like old
man corny could you see Seinfeld on like
a talk-show
and he's like mean kind of biting you
like oh this is great like he's
hilarious
and I expected more of that but when I
saw him enclosed confessed I got that
you know what is cluster first it's that
it's like there it's the third year this
year that festival in San Francisco like
it's a Comedy Central and Coachella
together a put together a thing it's all
comedy comedy music mr. music gonzo
whenever I see festivals I always assume
someone's getting ripped off that's what
I think my impression is or who's
getting the money who's getting the
money out of this that's how I feel
about like Montreal there's the
occasional there being a festival you're
like okay this much for for like one
show in Toronto like yeah I'm totally in
I'm totally so sometimes it's great and
sometimes it's nothing yeah the Just for
Laughs thing my issue with that is I got
in when I was a zero like I got in just
for laughs when I was four years in the
comedy I think five I was terrible you
know I had like a 10-minute set that I
could do and it could get some laughs
but I became a part of Just for Laughs
like when it was helping me I wasn't
helping it mm-hmm
but then when I see festivals where I
see like a lot of names on a thing and
I'm like well who's funding this like
sponsored by Southwest Airlines like
what is this a weird corporate mishmash
that you put together and who's
profiting off of this mm-hmm like it's
not the comedian's like I get you put it
all together but then you find out how
much can me how much the comedians are
getting like where's the rest of the
money going there's a lot of money in
that audience it's a big place yeah you
know just so I'ma better than others but
like and sometimes there's like we're
gonna take a loss all the sponsors are
gonna lose money on this but we're gonna
like that Riot Fest in LA they would do
it for you it's it's done now but they
didn't like four or five years in a row
no no no never made money it was a
Comedy Festival in downtown LA really
yeah see that's how much I I haven't
versioned those things I don't even know
when they're taking place cuz I say no
to everything I'm like no you know
you're not just priced out of it no just
like people are like oh I don't I
haven't done to college in years and
it's not like I've got a problem of
colleges it's just like they can't
afford well I stopped doing colleges
when they could afford me because I just
would just I would be performing in
front of a teen year-olds I'm like this
is ridiculous
it's just like there's too many of them
that don't have life experience
there they're growing minds and you can
make them laugh at some things but they
haven't experienced what what I like
it's like I'm happily married but if I
wasn't I'd like a chick who's a little
bitter I like a older chick keeps
yourself fit there's experienced a lot
in life who understands she understands
that life is up and down
there's hardships I'm not interested in
anyone who's young and delusional and
bubbly ya know that when you go to
perform front of 18 year-olds like they
have this like this delusional version
of what the world should be and social
justice and all these ideas about the
economy and all these ideas about
socialism and all these ideas like I'm
exhausted already
I can't I can't do this I still think
it's fun I think it's fun to watch them
just be like holy shit you'll have to do
one show I mean it's like like maybe
they can leave if they want I don't feel
any pressure worm casinos more than more
than colleges but I loved like even if
it went bad it was an interesting bad
and you're and you're getting paid so
much money that you're like I don't care
I don't care how this goes and I've had
some go realized to go to the college
and say what should I not talk about and
then whatever they said I would open
with that and it worked every time
except Colorado School of Mines what is
that the Colorado School of Mines isms
it's like a it's a engineering school
like a gorilla
yeah School of Mines mines yeah it's a
famous mi n E or mi ND mi n e oh okay
like digging I thought you're saying
mines - I was with Jo and they said do
not talk about abortion and I was like
okay
and I went up and open with an abortion
joke and then died for an hour like they
never forgave me I just completely ate
shit was it a good abortion joke I
assumed to have a bad abortion joke is
if you gonna tell suck right I have a
joke about abortion it'd better be great
you know or your or you're in some real
trouble
well there are those people that think
that when you touch on controversial
subjects that there's like a little
there's weight to objects right like
there's certain things that have more
wait to them like if you can get through
if you can actually get the bit to work
it will have like an artificial amount
of momentum connected to it because the
fact that there's all this weight yes
it's more tension yeah you can cut that
tension the laughs is bigger yeah sure
yeah but if you can't oh no it's over
yeah yeah they just like Maddie for even
trying yeah you know I don't think
people get mad really that people make
jokes about awful things they get mad
the idea that people think it's funny
yeah you know it's not so much you told
a cancer joke it's like you think
cancers funny it's like no I don't
that's why I'm making a joke about it
you know that's like it's that's that's
the process but I really think it's like
it's hearing an audience laugh at it's
more than hearing comic like if a comic
tells a cancer joke and it bombs no one
really gets mad at them if it's like
killing that's when people get upset
well your act is so controversial you
have so many subjects and it's so much
tongue-in-cheek and there's so much
where you're you know you you say mean
shit on stage I would imagine that you
get people upset at you quite a bit I
used to and honestly now it's like I've
been like grandfathered in and like it's
funny like I used to get people I would
tweet a joke and some people would the
comments of people getting mad at me and
now what happens is that tweeted joke
and then my fans start tweeting their
own jokes underneath it like people get
mad at them it's like I'm just like the
guy who is allowed to do it people just
stopped getting mad at me all of a
sudden and I well you had a show called
the Jeselnik offensive mm-hmm I mean
it's a you you do you are sort of
grandfathered in but it's also like your
style yeah it's like it's like being mad
at Slayer for being loud mm-hmm like
what do you that's what they do exactly
what are you talking about yeah I'm like
but I like classical music it's like so
what go listen to that yeah yeah that is
the weird thing about comedy too right
it's like when you go to see comedy you
could see all sorts of different styles
whereas when you go to see music if you
go to a club it's like a blues club you
expect to see Blues like you're going
there on purpose you don't it's not like
a blues band followed by a country band
followed by a hardcore band it doesn't
but that's what you get when you go to a
comedy club you can get Guns and Roses
followed by Barry Mann
like what is this place yeah you know
like Oh a main room show on a Saturday
night you're gonna get virtually every
genre of comedy there is mm-hmm well I
mean I'd like that I'm glad it's like
that because I hate like I when I used
to tour and I couldn't bring my own
opener you know I would get to Tallinn
but Oh Jake has been begging us to open
for like when to open for you so badly
for months we so we're letting him open
for you and he does my act for 15
minutes before he brings me onstage I
hate this yeah someone actually do your
actual material not my material but like
though my mannerisms you know short dark
jokes you know like that my attitude
they've just like taken it and they're
like aw he Anthony sees me he'll be like
oh you're like me come do that I'm like
I don't want to see me you know I don't
see anyone like me
ever I don't want it's like someone's
like oh this guy does really dark
one-liners you'd love it I'm like I
don't ever want to see it I don't ever
want to look at it because that's what I
do right you know I like I want to see
goofy silly just like the opposite of me
yeah Joey Diaz likes to bring girls
onstage he brought likes to bring girls
on the road with him because he said he
wants the audience to see something
totally different anyone to give the
women in the audience that are with
their boyfriends that are there to see
him like he's like this is good like
it'll balance it out
I bring a lot of female openers mostly
just I went completely different I don't
want the same even like I don't I'm
talking about the same subjects that's
me yeah you know and then and that's you
that usually avoids it completely I
don't know I don't know how much I'm
doing it for the the girlfriends of the
the guys who have come then certainly
you know they're people come afterwards
and like I I liked you better than the
headliner it's like his we're gonna
start taking someone on the road with
you and then their acts starts morphing
I'm becoming like yours like their style
sort of could they see what what's
working and so they start it's like a
natural thing like like you saying you
can't watch the tell anymore you know
especially with someone who's opening
for you got to think they're in the
developmental period oh yeah I thought
emcees do by the end of the weekend
they're like that's a great joke and I'm
like that's my line like you can't I
know it's fun to do but like you can't
do it when you're opening from me like
you've just been watching me all weekend
and now you're copying my manner that's
annoying
yeah because then you have to think
about it
mmm-hmm we have to watch them is there
any places where you just don't work
anymore like any cities where you like
fuck this place
do you work in Miami Miami I try not to
I'll do a theater in Miami or like close
by but I'd I would never do a club down
there like Miami's like New Orleans and
New Orleans is one of my favorite cities
in the world but like they have shit
going on yeah they don't care about your
comedy right no Miami there's just too
much else to do and New Orleans we've
got like their music and their food and
their alcohol they don't care about
comedy like you can you can do a show
there but it's not it's not that fun
it's not that fun
yeah but Miami might be the one but I'll
do like Fort Lauderdale you know it
places around that yeah Florida can be
tough Miami ajaces yes all right it's
tough man yeah it's tough that's a that
is the weirdest fucking state in the
country for sure mm-hmm
yeah trying to think of any other place
that I was like there clubs I would
never go back to what about Connecticut
Connecticut I think I just did somewhere
in Connecticut and had a great I had a
great time I like they were just like
they were like grateful that I was there
some places to go and they're just like
oh I can't believe you came here yeah
this is awesome yeah but there was I
went to one club where just like the
owner of the club made his made the
green room his office and we're just
sitting there and like be watching TV
and talking to me the entire time like
it surely you're going to leave with 20
minutes before I go onstage and just
what just in your face the whole time
like that was why he owned the club was
to talk to comics and I just like know
lost my mind
where was this I probably shouldn't say
but I would don't say would it sound
like Columbus Ohio
I think losers think what Hoosiers
Hoosiers were there Indiana next door to
okay okay
you ever been there um I think I did a
show there once yeah yeah what's coming
up it was like it was like a cool club
to go do and then I finally got there
and I can okay you're so ago and I was
like you know my friends I was like why
did you why is everyone loved this club
so much and then like we couldn't wait
to hear what you thought of him
we couldn't wait to hear how mad you
would get of this guy the weird thing is
when a guy owns the club but then he's
also the emcee you very well happen oh
the worst the absolute worst I can't
stand that yeah that's not good no yeah
is there any places in overseas you
really enjoy working yeah I went on a
big European tour this summer and did
did the standards you know did a couple
nights in London couple nights in
Edinboro during the festival those were
fun and then like places off the beaten
path that dad was like I want to do
Berlin and I want to do Warsaw and
they're like there's no market and I'm
like I want to do those those are the
two most fun shows of the whole torn it
was like 300 people maybe but but they
were just so grateful you were there and
they were they were awesome and they
understand English like you would think
they understand it better than they can
speak it so they laugh at every joke
nothing goes over their heads they don't
they change any references I've really
loved the European tour that's cool
because if you do in a place of like 300
seats even if it's a primarily you know
German or polish speaking country
there's gonna be enough people that
speak English that can come to your show
mm-hmm yeah a lot of expats you know and
like and they they all say they got
comedy ten years ago YouTube is what did
it for them
so they all they have these stand-up
comedy scenes that are all ten years old
and they're all like they're they're
like bad for people to do doing it ten
years old they're still hacky you know
they're like a generation away from from
getting good by Amber in Warsaw they
were like this is a historic day for
Polish comedy like you're the first
American comic like big American comedy
to come here into a show and now I think
Birds going there or maybe just went
there but they're they're getting more
and more people Warsaw what is Poland
like honestly we like got into the
airport ass our luggage was wasn't there
went straight to the gig went on stage
went to the hotel and the next morning
flew to Budapest like we didn't get to
see any of Warsaw or do anything there I
was one of the cities it was just there
was just nothing to do but when I had my
old Comedy Central show
the Jeselnik offensive someone at Comedy
Central says listen we can look at
Google and tell you where your googled
all around the world America by far the
most Canada close second and then water
and then Poland is number three and I
like Poland why and they go they think
you're polish you look polish they think
they assume you're polish so I'm like
let's book a show there and have all
these people come out and whoever told
me that fucking lied to me like they
would they were like what we don't think
you're polish like why would you think
you're polish like no we don't give a
shit I don't know who told you that
what is Jeselnik Slovenian ah yeah you
ever go there no never been never want
to do a show there it's kind of um I
think I thought about it but it was just
like routing you know what I mean it's
like do I want to deal with what I have
to deal with to get to Slovenia right
when I can just go you know from do
Australia at all yeah I just did
Australia I did like I did a few weeks
like one week at the very end of the
tour would you do I did Brisbane
Adelaide Melbourne and Sydney Melbourne
and Sydney is the only places I've done
but it's fucking no great I love this -
yeah if the World War 3 hits and that
that place doesn't get nuked that's the
spot you think so yeah it's the other
side of the planet wasn't there book
though where like that happens and
everyone goes to Australia but there's
like a cloud of radiation coming that's
eventually gonna get them fuck maybe we
just get a big fan blow that shit Russia
I bet that would work
look if they can figure I had a new can
entire country with a few bombs that
drop out of airplanes or shoot out of
rockets they should build a giant fan
build a big fan yeah why is that so hard
like I was reading the shit about space
junk do you know how much space junk
there is like this stars a lot floating
around in space like thousands of pieces
of shit just flying around broken
satellites is it all just broken
satellites or like kinds of shit yeah
all kinds of stuff stuff from you know
like when Rockets take off and then they
eject they leave little pieces of stuff
up in there and and is it like in a ring
like a Saturn type of ring or is it just
everywhere it's everywhere it's all over
the planet it's like it cut it's in the
sky like it's in the
Oshin it's like there's pieces of shit
just flying around above our head and
like they have to be cognizant about it
if they're gonna launch a rocket yeah
like you could run into it space debris
and human spacecraft they all travel at
speeds up to 17,500 miles an hour more
than 500,000 pieces of debris or space
junk are tracked as the orbit earth
think of that they travel at speeds up
to 17,500 miles an hour small enough for
a relatively small piece of orbital
debris to damage a satellite or a
spacecraft that's how was it moved with
Sandra Bullock yes gravity yeah yeah
this junk to consumers yeah they're like
fixing a satellite and something comes
by and like hits mix it and the next
thing you know yeah that shit can happen
and they don't know what to do either
like to throw a net up there what are
you gonna do
Oh thinking like some kind of like
magnet satellite it would just attract
everything right but then it would
probably get too heavy
I think we'll probably take out things
you need oh yeah is this the junk that
we can track over time it starts at 57
there's only two things out there and
we're so gross
I bet the oceans a similar similar story
Wow look at all the shit around even
worse oh my god that's incredible that's
all real 2015 the entire low you know
like near Earth orbit is covered with
shit space debris
satellites and nonsense I mean at what
point in timing we've only been
traveling into space since the 1960s
right so what when is this gonna end
like that's that's not that long ago
that's 50-plus years ago what we're
gonna do when it's a hundred years from
now five hundred years from now I mean
we are we gonna be able to see the Sun
we just look up and just see spaceship
it said there's only 500,000 pieces of
the Earth's a pretty fucking big still
we'd have to get yeah a lot I guess I
had a Snapple factor that it so if you
dug a hole through the earth it would
take you 42 minutes to fall through it
it's like how fucking big is that so
it's a long long row it's a long for
Austin I think would you stop in the
middle
edye get cooked I know but in theory but
if you didn't yeah yeah if it was just a
tube on a zero temperature or neutral
temperature tube
I wonder how like how accurate snapple
facts really have to be bullshit on a
Snapple fact I don't drink that shit so
I don't read those things I didn't know
they had Snapple facts until you just
said that I didn't they used to have
like little things on the caps like you
say it makes sense to me but I don't
think I've ever read one of them nice to
always read them no yeah I can't
remember any of you get angry Oh Snapple
fact no I have gotten mad at like a
bazooka Joe comic let's make this fuck
it you're kidding me yeah a phone it in
something yes big time
well comics in general I think is some
like there's great comics there's really
funny comics but then there's comic
strips that have existed forever and
they're fucking terrible and for some
reason or another they just still exist
oh yeah do they anymore though I guess
they're still a sec I haven't read a
newspaper like a physical print and I
think it's smaller and smaller than it
ever has been before but like they're
still cranking out Garfield you know
Garfield still a thing yeah and the guy
Jim Davis great Garfield has nothing to
do with it he's like golfing and like
collecting money and it's and he's got
ghost writers so it's just like the
worst shit ever oh wow so he hires
people to do it and he makes all the
money
mm-hmm he's probably worth a billion
dollars no I guarantee the merchandise
does fucking things you stick in your
car
alone I'm proud those were everywhere
yeah they're like yeah it's all so I
think the Calvin and Hobbes guy would
never let them make toys of Calvin and
Hobbes what the books yeah he didn't
want that money at Calvin and Hobbes
play he didn't want he didn't want his
creation being like he didn't wanna be
like Jim Davis you know that's why I
think the best like the best comic ever
got to be Gary Larson's the farside
those things fucking hold up you ever
read those back in the day he read of
rate right and then who did Doonesbury
the
that's like the political one right she
still is that his name maybe yeah
what the fuck who the fuck was it
Trudeau what's his first name Gary
Trudeau isn't that what's the name the
guy runs Canada Justin that guy yeah I
never got tunes bro I never like it was
like too clever I was like okay then I
guess they're taking down Ronald Reagan
or something but the fuck they're
talking about doonesbury is weird too
because they basically they pigeon-holed
Hunter s Thompson and turned him into
this they had a character that they were
doing I think he wound up suing them
yeah there's his character it's
basically the exact same guy just
slightly different and he was always
like shooting off guns and doing a bunch
of crazy shit I forget his name I forget
the name of the guy they gave him a
different name like uncle something or
another yeah but that was there I mean
that was Gary Trudeau's take on Hunter s
Thompson and it wound up driving hunter
arrest Thompson nuts is this still real
he's still doing like he's doing Trump
this that's 2017 Wow Wow yeah but he so
he created this character that was
basically the most exaggerated versions
of Hunter as Thompson when Hunter as
Thompson was fucking around and it sort
of defined who hunter as Thompson was to
a lot of people because instead of being
as brilliant journalist who you know
great writer he also became this kind of
like guy just shoots guns and is always
drunk yeah yeah and then you fall into
that trap
I think comedians that have a persona
like oftentimes fault like you know dice
is that's not you know his real name is
Andrew silverstein and the dice
character was a part of his act he's had
a bunch of different things he would do
impressions
we didn't revolt impression yeah yeah
phenomenal yeah phenomenal Travolta
oppression and then the dice man became
like a part of his act and then he just
decided that's the best part so I'm just
gonna do dice all the time and then he
decided no I'm fucked living like a
regular person it was gonna be dice
time so he became the guy in his act I
mean that's who he is like most of the
time oh yeah yeah Kinnison Kinnison done
similar similar situation I never met
Kinnison Kinnison I mean he died well
before I got into stand-up but I've
never met dice and I've always like sang
his praises like I think the day the
laughter died is one of the greatest
comedy albums of all time
and and I've just never met him he's
great yeah I'll introduce you next time
I see him at the store if you're there
I've heard great stories he must like he
must know who I am
oh yeah yeah I once did govern what he
wasn't will you be mad I wouldn't be mad
I would be surprised just because I've
spoken about him publicly that like
mm-hmm
if he was what if who's wondering why he
sold like a thousand copies that the day
the laughter died after I like talked
about it on a podcast like he would hear
that you know someone says something
nice about you you find out but I was at
governor's once and they were like all
probably like dice was here last weekend
and he left one of his gloves
you know fingerless gloves and I was
just like give it to me like what do I
have to do to take this glove home but I
still have Alec where I'm wet around
sometimes it's fun do you write jokes
with it oh I'll walk around like just
doing the doing a little oh yeah yeah
but uh but yeah love love that but those
characters when guys get lumped into a
character and you get locked into that
it can be very self defining you know of
course for Kennison i think it was very
self defined a big time I mean I thought
about that when I was like creating my
persona it was like what's gonna age
well hmm you know like not like I think
of a guy like Nick Swardson
you know who's just like party of atomic
okay like he's a college kid forever
right it's like that how long can you do
that for you know it's like still kind
of has to do it and it's still great but
I'm like are you enjoying this you know
like I want to be able to like kind of
hold on to my dignity
you know his best version of it emo
Philips yes that's the best example
because it's like wow like cuz when he
was a young sort of cute guy it was kind
of strange to watch him go calm like
this when you're 60 though and you're
doing that people like hey man
this is just weird yeah like bobcat
talked about that like that Bobcat had
this moment where he stopped being
Bobcat and people like hey man how can
he not do his scream he's like fuck you
I'm not doing it
I hate told me the best story ever he
said he's in he's at a Comedy Works in
Denver doing a weekend and he's eating
shit every show and every show he's just
bombing and everyone's going do the
voice do the voice and he's like no no I
don't do the voice anymore I'm not doing
the voice Late Show Saturday someone in
the back yells we're from Aurora do the
voice for us and he goes oh you're from
Aurora at least you learned to sit in
the back and he said this is like a year
after the shootings yes are you here
after that and he said the entire
audience the entire audience just
pretended he didn't say it they didn't
boo they didn't laugh they just acted
like nothing had happened and he did the
rest of the show he said he made the
whole weekend worth of fun just to say
that yeah dude I was speaking of which I
was watching a video today you know how
YouTube for whatever reason just starts
recommending things and you can click on
it watching a video today on oh this is
what it was I was looking at bulletproof
clothing for whatever reason because it
was like I saw an ad on Instagram where
this guy had a bulletproof hoodie on and
it looked like a regular hoodie and shot
himself is it like a John wick situation
where it's like yes it's like it's like
shown in yeah yeah so this guy had a
regular hoodie and he shot himself in
the gut with a nine-millimeter just bang
Wow while I was playing this video with
like a regular hoodie I was like this is
crazy and this hoodie it looked like a
regular hoodie was but it's some sort of
Kevlar or something so then it
recommends this next thing and this next
video that I watch is on whether or not
you should carry with a bullet in the
chamber so it's this guy who's just
speculating like that there's two kinds
of people there's kind of people that
thinks they're gonna have enough time to
rack a bullet and there's a bunch of
people that realize
when something happens it's like being
in a car accident happens quickly and
you got to be prepared you're not gonna
have enough time to rack a bullet and so
there was this long discussion as to
whether or not you should have a bullet
in the chamber or not when you conceal
carry and he was talking about how this
guy was open carrying but he could see
that the guy's the hammer was shut down
on the pistol which means he's gonna
have to cock it because it was a not a
revolver but you know whatever an
ottoman semi what is it when what is it
when you call what are you calling those
when you have to load it like that look
at nine-millimeter Glock what is the
difference well one's a revolver
revolver revolves so it's not a
revolvers just a pistol anyway he was
saying because the way the hammer was he
could tell that this guy you know he was
gonna have to pull that hammer back he
was gonna use that gun and I was like
this is this is like next-level thinking
like these people everywhere you go
someone's worrying about shooting you
and then I go onto Twitter almost like
this is synchronicity and Eric Weinstein
as a friend of mine says is this the the
year where the debate is some something
in terms of is it appropriate to bring a
loaded gun into a place where you
worship now to protect yourself because
there's been so many attacks on people
and synagogues and churches and mosques
and I'm like fuck man
we're probably what what is happening
here it's I mean it's bad I don't I'm
not like there's nothing good today what
do you mean there's two more attacks
today at synagogues this one was in a
church what were the ones that that
happened today there was two smaller
ones there was no as there was a church
that was in San Diego this weekend no
the the synagogue in San Diego this
weekend but there was another one like
this morning when I was reading the news
Los Angeles yes yeah what was a former
26 year old US Army soldier served on
see Anniston has been charged with
plotting terror attacks in los
angeles-area rally in Long Beach
so I thought it's on the front pages he
had never had something like it some
sounds leaking through the video did he
do something or did he just got caught
plotter it says he was accused of
targeting Jews as they walked to a
synagogue police officers a military
facility and crowds at the Santa Monica
Pier I think there was another one too
there was another one somewhere else
might might have been outside the
country today it's like fuck like this
shit is ramping up yeah I'm just getting
worse and worse
are you a gun guy I have guns I wouldn't
say I'm a gun guy but I have them
hunting or like just don't realize I
have hunting guns and I have safety guns
like security guns or private you know
personal protection guns and but I hunt
with a bow and arrow mostly but of
course I'm not opposed to when you say
of course being sarcastic I'm not
opposed to it was this California
synagogue attack latest oh this is the
they found a social media message I
guess right before it happened
of course Jesus Christ no I don't know I
think there was some another one and I
saw I believe it was in another country
that's all right
it's enough there's so many I know I
know you just numb to it well also that
their chart targeting places of worship
now like what the fuck man do you have
guns no would you ever won one they make
me uncomfortable like I'm not like
against people want to have guns okay
I'm not done that it's not a hill I'm
going to die on but I think what's
happening with with schools and and and
churches is reprehensible and it's we
are the only country where this really
happens you know as not anymore
I mean it's happening you know around
the world but it's it's much more often
here yeah yeah no there's there's
certainly an argument for that the real
problem is the guns already there it's
like how do you what do you do when you
live in a country of 300 plus million
people with 300 plus million guns how do
you ever eradicate that how do you ever
how do you shift the path that we seem
to be on
thank what you do I mean everything is
like you know people talk about this and
then like you know how do we do what's
is it the culture is it this and you
turn on the TV and it's like a video
game commercial or a commercial for a
movie and it's just a supermodel
spinning around in circles shooting
everything she sees you know like you
don't think this is having an effect
well like they just make it look so cool
that if you want to be the hero you
gotta have a gun you know how about John
wick John wick three comes my fucking
favorite thing ever and I'm like this is
the most glorifying gun shit ever but I
love it right it is a problem I mean it
hasn't made me turn to guns you know me
I wouldn't say that like video games you
know make this video games are making
people more violent I don't I don't
believe that I don't know if there
there's evidence to back that but I mean
I've always loved you know James Bond
movies you know things like where guns
are are a big part of it and it's never
made me want to pick one up well there's
a real argument that that alleviates
some of the need for violence that
people like seeing it and in seeing it
and something like John wick it actually
relaxes people mm-hmm there's a real
argument for that and there's a real
argument that you can make with that
with videogames too but that it's not
with everybody the problem is certain
people are very susceptible to influence
they're susceptible they're vulnerable
to being influenced or excited in one
particular direction whether it's
excited to become radicalized and become
a white nationalist want to shoot up you
know whatever figure out that whatever
the group is or whether it's you know
there's certain people that you know
they'll see something in a movie or a
video game it'll make them want to act
that out but they're usually mentally
ill I mean that's that's a real problem
the real problem is mental illness it's
the type of person that could go into a
synagogue and just start shooting people
that's a mentally ill person that's yeah
regardless of whether or not they have a
gun or not that's a sick person so we
have to figure out like what's causing
this massive amount of mental illness in
this country because that's a big it's
that's the guy in aurora is a perfect
example that guy was they knew he was
sick then they knew there was something
really I mean you see him photos of that
fucking look at his eyes
completely batshit crazy I think is
something to like when they when they
now they've started to refuse to show
the guy's face
you know they won't show eggs ugh this
guys getting glory now and the next
shooter wants to top that right that I
think they're getting a little bit
smarter about it but what's that what's
the quote no man chooses evil because
it's evil they only mistake it for
happiness mmm like I believe that yeah
that's a good quote yeah they mistake it
for happiness or they want other people
to feel what they feel mm-hmm they want
other people to suffer the way they're
suffering yeah what I mean when you ever
have a giant country filled with people
you're going to have a broad spectrum of
people's experiences and so you're going
to have a certain number of people that
are on the low end of experiences the
worst experiences all the time sexual
abuse physical abuse violence mental
illness pills drugs this that boom but
like Japan is one of the most unhappy
countries in the world people that the
suicide rate is off the charts but they
take themselves out yeah you know in
America it's like let me who can I take
with me yeah I don't know what that what
that is
well Japan emphasizes humility and they
reward it like if in the emphasize being
polite and orderly it's really
interesting
there was a piece I was watching on
YouTube of these people that live in
cyber cafes that they have cyber cafes
that are open 24 hours a day in Japan
and they have like this little cubicle
so you take in there and they're just
online on their computer and they have
all their things there and that's what
they live and they shower then they go
back to the little cubicle but this
woman was saying that it made her feel
like she wasn't alone but she wasn't
with people either like she likes that
that like she wants to know that there's
people around her but she doesn't want
anybody in her life it was dark yeah
yeah that's super fucking dark sad just
the loneliness like that that's a giant
issue apparently in Japan is how lonely
people are which is incredibly ironic
when you consider that it's probably one
of the most population densities on
earth in Tokyo at least oh yeah
I'm just working their asses off I mean
they fucking loved it the jump in front
of trains they live for it like it
really is like the country's it's it's
the least happy country in the world
Wow I think number like the happiest is
like someone scanned in a more great you
know yes yeah yeah Finland I think
Finland like ranks very highly on that
yeah why the the thing I was watching
said it was like a sense of community I
think them lived together and like they
eat their meals together as like a
neighborhood almost and they just like
everyone contributes and they're just
happy and content that makes sense the
numbers are smaller - mm-hmm I think
that that helps also it's gorgeous up
there that helps - mm-hmm a lot of
factors here right yeah like what's a
big city in finland helsinki how many
people is at 50 how many people live in
helsinki physi fifty-fifty yeah okay
you're right I would I bet Helsinki as
1.2 million people how many people he'll
think you have that's a wild guess I
don't know why I had to put the point
two in there I'm hedging my bet if I was
on The Price is Right that's the biggest
but the thing I pull up doesn't say the
second-largest says 279,000 well say
what he'll think he does well doesn't
you can't doesn't if you google
population of Helsinki that's the very
first thing I had was the biggest cities
in Finland I figured it would I had it
oh it was about 558 550 8,000 yeah
doesn't shit Wow
that's it that's why they're happy hmm
he's basically like four boulders yeah
four Boulder Colorado sand it's a whole
country yeah yeah you go to Boulder that
some of the nicest people ever why
100,000 of them is it hard to build
they're beautiful Boult beautiful yeah
gorgeous great people a little on the
socialist side but I get it a little too
many Birkenstocks and tayyaba's and
girls could use a little bit more makeup
pull the makeup on gals it's not lit up
a little it's not pronounced Eva maybe
this divas I've even heard the word in
there weird leather sandals and shit but
it's a cool place man but I think you
know that's what you get if you live
around nature you get a bunch of fit
people that like hiking and share a lot
of north face jackets mm-hmm you know
they got great weather you
yeah they'd really do they have
blizzards and snowstorms and shit but
they also have like you'll it'll be 30
degrees in Denver or Boulder and then
the next day it'll be 60 yeah he doesn't
make any sense
Oh would you say Denver is the best
comedy town in the country it's up there
it's up there I fucking love it there I
me too I'm going there in August I'm
doing that place again I fucking love it
yeah it's one of my plate favorite
places on the planet period like if I
was gonna leave LA Denver's one of the
spots that I would pick I think about
like when I eventually leave where would
I go and Denver's uh Denver's at the top
of the list I used to want to go to like
Seattle or Portland mm-hmm and then I
read that article that terrifying
article about how like not just like the
talks about the big one earthquake in LA
they're like what's really gonna fuck
shit up is the tsunami that's gonna have
on that fault line they're like Portland
in Seattle are gonna be gone with that
tsunami 100% right hundred percent yeah
it's just whether it's a hundred years
from now or - mmhmm oh my gosh if we
wake up one day and Seattle's gone 13
million people dead it goes deep into
Washington State all the way to coma the
ocean goes to Tacoma oh there was an
article where they like talked about
like what how what would happen like
woman had like minute by minute in
Portland with this with this going on it
was just terrifying yeah fuck that too
risky also seasonal depressions real oh
for sure I have a buddy mining move - he
moved to Portland and started you Jitsu
school out there and I was like do you
like it he was like dude I fucking love
it I go you don't miss LA at all he was
like no I what about the rains it Bobby
it's like no no it's nothing two years
later he's back in LA I got what
happened he goes the fucking weather I
go you liar okay you try to convince me
you were trying to tell me and he
started laughing he's like I just
convincing myself yeah he bought into it
he goes I go what happenings I came back
one time and when it was raining out
there and it wasn't raining here and I
was like what am i doing like no I'm
less happy they're like it makes you
less happy if it's raining all the time
it makes you less happy oh yeah rain if
you live in LA and it rains we're all
happy like oh this is cool it's raining
now a vitamin D is important
it's not just vitamin D either it's like
a feeling you get like you're gonna be
cold and wet you're gonna be cold and
wet and gonna bundle up and get inside
quickly get inside mm-hmm
you can't just be free can't be outside
sitting in the grass eatin lunch just
looking out relaxing yeah I like my
hammock yeah fuck that place and then
fuck places that have like too much snow
too like all the people that want to
move back to New York I'm like you can
keep that good luck with that yeah that
New York the summer and the winters
would kill me in New York I've been
waiting for the subway when you're just
like dripping sweat was just brutal
dripping sweat with moist piss smell
everywhere mm-hmm that moisture but
that's carrying those piss odor
molecules in the subway like what in the
fuck are you people breathing in down
here and I never got the rubber boots
you know what I mean I was always just
like had sneakers I'm like trying to get
trying to get the Fallon at like 7:00 in
the morning walk into the subway through
the slush oh it was like it'd be
beautiful while it was snowing and then
as soon as on the ground you were just
like get rid of this shit now did you
write for Fallon uh-huh
what was that kid like I mean it was it
was frustrating they didn't like because
it I started when he started Late Night
with Jimmy Fallon I was one of the first
guys there and they didn't like any of
my jokes like it was just it was it was
who possible to mean or just like this
is gonna make Jimmy unlikable like just
it wasn't about being funny so much as
like coming off as smart and and
friendly you know unlikable that they
that's what I was there for a year and
then they barely used anything I ever
did but they knew I was funny they liked
me and I thought for some reason in my
head I thought that if I quit before a
year that it'll like follow me people
like what happened with Fallon well you
only there a year that like and then I
when I left it was like no one would
have given a shit if I'd left after 10
weeks you know wouldn't have mattered at
all yeah it was it was good an
interesting experience but I did not
enjoy it being a writer for other
people's voices has got to be very
difficult it's I mean for me it's
impossible it's like I write in my voice
and you either like it or you don't like
I've written for Jimmy Kimmel Sarah
Silverman and then
if I love the joke they loved it too but
with Fallon it was not the case you know
he was it was almost never okay he might
he would laugh at the joke but he bug I
can't say this I can't do it what are
they trying to do what does he try to do
he's trying to be like Middle America
like there's a not a market for that
right is that what it is he just wants
everyone to love him you know he just
wants everyone to everyone to love him
that's like not a bad trait to having a
late-night host right probably the best
trait to have ana late night host mm-hmm
I'd like to see him drunk one day just
shitting on everybody the thing would be
hilarious is Louis doesn't do that oh
yeah I mean I've heard that he quit
drinking I know that's true but he would
like he liked to get drunk and like in
like shitty bars and like hang out like
with the with the staff and the crew
like he was he's like a man of the
people and he didn't just want to go
home and drink he wanted to go out and
go to some weird bar there was like in a
subway that no one knew about and had
beers like he was a he was at a fun
drunk you know but he did a lot yeah
there was always those rumors that he's
got a problem
sheeni Fallon's got a problem yeah yeah
do you think that's like the pressure of
just being this like super friendly
sweet guy on TV wanting everybody to
love you they like oh my god get me a
fucking drink so I can cut loose I'm
think that could be part of it you know
that's why I was I always thought like
with my persona like let's be the
meanest person you can so you can it
allows you to be nice offstage you know
you gotta kind of it gives you a little
bit of distance but the guys who come
off as like your best friend on stage
tend to be monsters offstage some of
them man yeah yeah I got another story
I'll tell you when we get off the air
about one of those okay let's wrap this
fucking thing up man
you're special it's out tonight at
midnight yeah what's it called fire in
the maternity ward and you have Jesus
every now and then with someone says you
a title of special and you have to quote
that was one of those so you got me yeah
you have several though so what are the
other
Netflix no thoughts and prayers is on
Netflix firing the maternity ward comes
out tonight I've got a podcast on Comedy
Central called the Jeselnik and
Rosenthal vanity project oh that's right
yeah who is it with my friend Greg
Rosenthal is an NFL analyst we've been
best friends since college so we just
kind of like we'd supposed to talk about
sports but we just fuck around like we
never Col talk about sports yeah it's
fun beautiful all right well good luck
good luck with special thanks for
joining us man I appreciate you show me
Tom again finally be here yeah for sure
and I can't recommend his comedy enough
it's for real if you're a fan of
stand-up comedy Anthony Jeselnik is the
shit so thank you sir thank you just
everybody
[Music]
[Applause]